# MENTOR COMPLETO
# Gerado em: 04/08/2026 15:07
# Total de fontes: 54


╔══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╗
║  FONTE: $98,764.78 From a BRAND NEW Lowticket Ascension Offer In September (mini case study) [FPMIYSb_muk].en.txt
║  VÍDEO: $98,764.78 From A Brand New Lowticket Ascension Offer In September (Mini Case Study) [Fpmiysb Muk].En
║  ADICIONADO EM: 04/08/2026
╚══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╝

I launched a new low ticket ascension offer that did 98,764.78 in just the first 30 days without dry testing, without warm traffic or previous product validation for the front end offer. Just a simple three-step funnel that you can copy. And I'm going to break down what went right, what went wrong, and just give you an inside look at the raw reality of launching a brand new low ticket ascension offer the very first month. Now, will you get these same types of results the very first month launching your very first Lotate Ascension offer? Probably not. Have I seen beginners get these types of results the very first 30 days, launching their very first Lot Ascension offers? Not really. Have I launched hundreds of these offers and collected so much information, so many data points uh that have allowed me to hit these types of numbers the very first month repeatedly over and over again? Yes. Can you learn from these data points so that even as a beginner you can take some of these tools, these strategies, these techniques and apply them and maybe get 50% of the way there, maybe 30%, 20%. I believe so. I'm very confident that that's possible. And so that's my goal today is to break that down and also for me this is really a public journal, right? to share this with you and share what's going on and also just recap just okay last month, you know, that was this was good, that wasn't good, that was wrong, that was bad, and really just document this for myself, but also so that you guys can see the insights. Now, if you want more of this and you want to stay up to date on these uh videos and some of the other things we're sharing, I actually just opened up a brand new community. We already have 300 people inside of here. Uh, and I have a newsletter inside of here and also trainings and videos that I'll be uploading. Uh, so make sure to click the link below and join there for free. But let's get into this. I'm going to break down what went right, what went wrong. Uh, we can zoom in here and look at some of the numbers. Now, with this offer, just to give context, is a brand new low ticket offer. The company we helped launch this with had never done low ticket before, so we were really shooting from the hip. Uh, obviously, you know, we're looking at here, we can see the profit. $41,000 of this was profit. Uh so we like to talk profit. So if we look at the total full funnel rorowaz, this is the full funnel. So front to back end because low ticket ascension offer is low ticket upfront right to callfunnel. It's the best hybrid type of call funnel to run. And so this funnel is profitable. Uh and you know this includes the sales we got in the funnel and this also includes the high ticket on the back end. And so the 98,000 that's revenue. You can see the profit there. Our cost per call was pretty high. uh at $719 pounds, whatever we want to say. Um which we'll talk about some of those details there. We only booked 79 calls and out of 79 calls we did that much. And so you might be looking at this like, okay, that's not anything crazy, Josh. I want to see millions and millions of dollars. But again, I want to show you the realistic look, brand new offer, never done low ticket before, never tested this product before. What were we able to achieve? Is it profitable? Is it possible to get things cooking? And so those are the numbers. I'm not going to share details on uh the market or you know any what the product is anything like that. Uh I am going to keep this private for the sake of the partner that we're working this on and so you guys don't go and try to swipe and just copy things. Exactly. So let's just talk about what went right. So obviously what went right. The first thing I would say I always care about uh is we were profitable. All right. The first thing is we were profitable. This is what I care about. I care about running a profitable marketing uh acquisition funnel. And that's why I love low ticket ascension offers because in some unlike call funnels where you have to spend for a while in the negative to finally close somebody, only making money off one to two% of the people who click on your Facebook ads, with our funnel, we know right away if we're making money back because we're selling a low ticket front offer with bumps or upsells and then getting them to the call. So before they ever get on the call, we're already liquidating some of our spend. And so we ended the month profitable. Uh, and that's great. That's awesome. Especially for the first month, like my goal is to just like break even or be profitable because I know that out of those, you know, buyers that we got and the hundreds of buyers that we got last month from this Lotia funnel, not everyone's going to convert right away. But now in the pipeline, we have hundreds of buyers, not leads, uh, that we can convert. So, even if we're break even, I don't beat myself up too much because, uh, I know we can, you know, convert some people later on. So, uh, that is super super good. That's the first thing we're profitable. Uh the other thing that went well is the sales team uh was extremely happy. They were super happy and I know they're happy because I got a message from uh the founder CEO and founder of this saying the sales team is loving the calls and the call's 110 uh case so far. So part of the hyro numbers is the tracking. So I think we actually crossed over 100,000 full funnel but I'm just showing you the hyro metrics because that's what you can trust and know. So, the sales team is happy. And this is really, really big because, and it's funny cuz sales teams, they freaking love us. They love me. And I know this cuz, and I'm not trying to go, oh, I'm so amazing, but another message from my friend Nick here runs a DFree sales agency, and he's on the back end of one of our low ticket offers that uh we uh built, and he was saying how it's been a game changer. I mean, we cut their CPA in half in their VSSL funnel using to then a low ticket ascension offer. And so I'm always like my biggest thing is like is the sales team happy? Because when you're running a low ticket ascension model, you want to make sure the quality of the prospects coming through on the front end are reflecting well on the back end. That's the ultimate sign of truth. And so knowing that the sales team is happy that makes me happy. Uh and it's funny, they were telling us like the sales team, the managers are like spend more money on this funnel. Whatever this funnel is, run it. And just to give context like the company, this company, you know, we're not just running a call funnel. webinar challenges, you name it, like we're running those. But the low ticket is the fan favorite for now. And so that shows that whatever we built on the front end uh is doing well on the back end. So that's the biggest thing is like the sales team was extremely happy, which is a great telltale sign. And so what added to that, like if you guys are wondering like, okay, what how do you do that, Josh? Like how do you make sure the sales team's happy? Well, it just depends on the messaging of the front end. A lot of people think that price point is the issue. They think price point's the reason why you get lowquality people on the back end, but it's not true. It's usually your messaging. Who are you targeting? So, I know a lot of freaking you freaking Sorry, I'm sorry to say freaking I know like I'm debating if I should say it or not, right? It's pretty swearing, but all of y'all bisopy people running Bisop complain the comments saying, "Oh, I did low ticket and it just attracted cheap people." And it's like it okay. And you you go around and start spreading this narrative in the market that low ticket to get attracts cheap people when in reality when we look at it the reason why you cheat attract cheap people is because you're messaging is attract people don't have money. So you're complaining oh they can't afford me but you're marketing to people don't have money saying quit your job or you're struggling hate your boss. It's like bro that's your fault you're trying to sell high ticket to that market. Change the market you're selling to. All right. And so usually it's your messaging that's pulling the wrong people. And that's what I look at my low ticket. I look at what are our ads saying? what is the funnel saying? That's who's going to come to the back end. Just like with a call funnel, via cell funnel, you'll care about your messaging. That's what matters. So, people get caught up in like price. Uh, and that's so dumb. Like that that's so dumb. That's not uh that's not reflecting, you know, actually what is going to happen on the back end. All right. The other thing that went really good, uh, the AOV was cooking. All right. A was cooking. And I shared this post uh early in the month and this this still held pretty well throughout, but I'll share a screenshot. I want to pull up the the recent one. But our our order bumps were doing really well at the bat. I think these numbers have dropped a bit. I think our AOV is now hovering around $60ish dollars. Uh when we actually changed the messaging to go to the better market for the back end, the order bump take rate went down, but the quality on the back end went up. But overall, just looking at like a brand new offer, just shooting from the hip, just straight from the dome, me me making decisions, me creating everything, me just saying, "Hey, let's just try this, it worked really well where we haven't had to change out any of the order bumps." The order bumps are just cooking off the bow. Some at 50% take rate, some even close to 60%. So, overall, the uh AOV was very nice. H and so that was great. I'll talk about like some of the problems that we have with the front end, but overall in terms of launching it and just picking a good offer off the bat, it went really well. And so you're like, "Okay, Josh, how did you that first month? How did you pick a good product that did well the first month?" Um, essentially what I did is once we decided on what the front-end product is, you know, what we're going to sell there, I just pulled from my swipe file in my mind of bumps that do super well in other markets and then we just use that. So some people think, "Oh, you must be some genius. You're coming to all these offers and blah blah blah." It's like, no, it's because I've just done so many that I have a toolkit in my mind that I can pull from. Be like, oh, this bump for this other offer had a 50% take, right? And it's very similar to this offer. So, I'm assuming that people are going to want it in this market. I bring it over, I put it in, and then it cooks. And so, u obviously for order bumps, I'll just give you some of the best ones. Um, case studies, swipe files, templates always will win. Tools, trackers, like that's where your that's where your order bump should be. Uh, is things around that. Like some people try to sell more trainings, but if your front end is a training offer, don't sell them more training. Sell them more templates and tools, GPTs, promps, things like that, always rip uh for majority of the markets. And so that's what really has allowed uh for that offer to do super well. So I I say those are like the three things that went uh really well. Now, what went wrong? All right. What went wrong? What I not like? Um our front-end conversion rate. Oh, uh was his like historically low, extremely low from what I'm used to. And what that means like people go to our page and things are off there and they wouldn't opt in. And so our checkout like our opt was like 3% which is abysmal. And then our order page was like 35%. Which is just way too low. And we realized that there was a disconnect from the ads. Like we were still fumbling around with the messaging. I think we've changed messaging like three times now in the front end funnel of who we're speaking to and things like that. And so for some of that time, we had ads running with the old messaging to the new messaging. All sorts of stuff. Like we're really like I'm just happy again I'm just happy we're profitable and things are good because we're just figuring things out as we went. Uh and so that's part of the reason I think like the nice thing again is since we're getting people in the back end, we're not going to call it off and like this sucks. Like let's just improve this metric. So, since then, our checkout rate has gone up to about a 45%. Uh, which is good. And our optin rate is still pretty low. And so, that's what we're fixing right now. We just launched a new test today with some new messaging, dumbing things down, doing more showing in the funnel versus telling. And so, we're going to see what happens there. But, it was just so low. Like, I've honestly never launched a front-end offer and had it that low to start. And so obviously um you could sit here and be like, "Oh, blame the ads, blame this and that, but I just like blame myself and just find a solution and we're fixing it." So that that was something I was not uh super happy with. And if honestly we probably would have done if we would have had our conversion rate or front-end checkout optin rate, initiated checkout like double what we had now, we probably like double the sales. So we probably would have done like 150,000 this month. Uh which is crazy. like one that little metric fris up everything because we just would have had more volume more buyers in the door uh and that that would have been that would have been awesome. Another thing that uh went wrong to start was our call booking rate was really low at the start. We were running a direct offer as the CTA. So it's front end order bumps then book a call page gate to VSSL before they see the calendar making a direct offer which gets more or quality but less quantity. And this team really wanted to push a lot of volume. And so to start, we were booking like 20 25% of people with a direct offer, booking a call, which is very good for a direct offer. That's what you mean. Meaning like you're not saying implementation call, it's just a direct offer. Um, and then we wanted more volume. So we changed it to be more onboarding implementation style call and we doubled the booking rate. So it's around 40 to 45%. And so the volume is is there, which I personally like and I'm okay with. So, um, we fixed it, but it was definitely low to start and we had to we had to change it up and make it a lot better. The third thing that went wrong is just our post-purchase automations weren't really dialed in. And so, the thing is when you launch a new offer the first month, your full focus is just volume on the front end. And then it's like you, okay, front end's working. Let's optimize the back end, which is where we're at now. And so, it's just it's one of those things where you don't know until the month's over. you don't really care about till the month's over. And so now it's like we're focused on that, but obviously looking back I'm like, "Okay, I wish we would have had more time to work on that, but mainly the focus was on the front end." So I think we like could have been done better with our texts. I think we could have done better with our uh emails and we also didn't have SDRs in. Now we do. And so now it's it's getting a lot better and we have the the parts there. But to start, it's like you start with just the basic flows like abandoned cart, post-purchase, um, and then like obviously to get him to book a call. So now it's gonna be super dialed in and it will cook. But I would say those are the things that I wasn't super happy about. So that's what went right, that's what went wrong. Obviously there's tons of little smaller issues there here and there, but I think those are like the bigger ones that'll teach you like good lessons. Now, for all you guys wondering, it's like what funnel were we using? What funnel did we use? Um, what we did was we had a front end. All right, front end offer. FE is front end. OB1, we had an OB2 and we had an OB uh three. So, if you're like, what the heck is an order bump? Well, I hope you know what an order bump is. But like, let's say, let's just go to one of my uh offers here and we'll go through um go here. So, we don't do upsell pages, sale upsell pages. We just go right to order bump and then to book a call. And so this is an order bump. You check the box. We had three of them uh on the page that we're running. So we did three order bumps, right? We had three order bumps and then we went to um right to book a call. So then we did book a call page and then after that we did thank you page where we had a thank you page but then we also did um post booking page and we just took the same page that they used their high ticket offer. So that's a flow that's what we did there. That's the structure looked like. So if you're wondering like what types of funnelies run that's what we do. We call a low ticket ascension offer. uh pretty soon. I'm going to drop it inside of our our group when it's live, but I'm working on the five winning uh front-end offer formats that are crushing it. So, you know what to do as a front end. We also are doing an upsell secrets. So, um for the order, I'm doing an upsell secrets training that I did at Russell Brunson's event that's almost done. Uh and we actually did the training part inside of uh on YouTube. So, you can watch that. And then uh we have, you know, the checklist that you can do to make your episodes better. And so, that's the flow we did. Um I'm trying to think there's anything else. Ads wise, we are running video and static. Our static ads are doing good. A lot of static is what's cooking. Um, we did switch to more like videos where it's like showing the product in process and how it works, which is really good. Like actually showing not telling. Allan use that. Allan from nothing back us language a ton. So those were the ads we're using. I'm trying to think like nitty-gritty stuff. People always ask the most random things. We built it in go high level. We use send blue for text. Go high things for email. Those are all the basic things that people always ask. So I'm trying to just get out of the way so I don't have to answer in the comments. Um, what else did we rip? Obviously, we're using highros for tracking, clarity for tracking heat maps. So, we had all that set up. Uh, and yeah, we're just cooking. Front end price was uh $27 on this product. I kind of want to lower it in the future low key. It's like a guaranteed way to boost conversions, and I don't think it'll kill the upsell path too much, but we'll see. I think uh we're keeping it for now because we're obviously we're profitable. We're freaking profitable. So, um yeah, that's the update, guys, on this offer. Again, this is just one of the many offers we're working on. Uh one of my other offers are running. all I could do an update on that too. That one we front end was absolutely cooking. We had $18 CPA. We just didn't have a sales team and so there's no one to take the calls. So now we're building internal sales team. So that offer is still ripping but had some bottlenecks and obviously I'm consulting on dozens of offers. Some doing millions a month, some doing hundreds of dollars a month. And so there's a lot of data here and there. So make sure to subscribe. You can see the buttons literally glowing as I say subscribe. Hit that button. Subscribe. Like share. Make sure to join our community, which is pretty much a community slashnewletterplace. I'm going to drop these videos early. So, if you're in here, you'll see these videos early as well as some other updates uh when I'm sharing with the community. So, make sure to be a part of that to get updated on all the stuff that comes. But appreciate you guys. October is here. Let's have a great quarter 4. Let's crush it. Peace.


╔══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╗
║  FONTE: 1 Hour Masterclass On Turning $27 Buyers Into $10,000 Clients With Zak Rawson [qaSwnvoSAHA].en.txt
║  VÍDEO: 1 Hour Masterclass On Turning $27 Buyers Into $10,000 Clients With Zak Rawson [Qaswnvosaha].En
║  ADICIONADO EM: 04/08/2026
╚══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╝

All right, guys. Welcome back to another amazing interview here with Zach Rosson from Selling to Closing. Little intro on Zack before we dive into just the good stuff and get right to it. Uh Zach is pretty much the goat behind multiple million-doll month offers, $500 a month offers. It's just the list goes on. He's a low-key killer. He doesn't flex. He doesn't go around training setters and closers as a bisop. He just does it. Okay? So, if you want to learn from someone who's actually in sales, that's not running around as a bizop and just is doing it, this is the man behind the scenes on some of the biggest offers I've ever seen. I've had him on my offers so I can actually speak to that I've worked with him and his team is amazing. And there's nothing better than just putting his team on the back of one of our low ticket funnels and then just sitting back and relaxing and I don't do anything. I just have to get him buyers and he's happy and I'm happy. And so, Zach, I'm so excited to have you here. Uh, and thanks for jumping on today. excited to grill you some questions. Heck yeah. Josh, thanks for having me, bro. One of the goats of Ticket uh and crushing offerpublishing.com. So, super excited to be here, bro. Let's do it. Yeah, it's funny because you were the first like my first publishing deal. Uh I had you come on and help with that, which is really cool. So, it's cool to see how it's kind of full circle. But I want to talk about ascending low ticket buyers to high ticket buyers. And I'm curious from your standpoint as the sales manager and this behind the scenes running the sales teams having a low ticket offer like for you like how has that changed? How has that made things better for you? Pros, the cons overall just on your end. What do you like about a low ticket funnel on the front of your sales team? And maybe what are some things you don't like as much? Yeah, great freaking question, bro. So, I've been in high ticket sales for like almost 10 years now. Like pretty much 10 years. Uh, I was grateful to like find it super early on. Um, so I've seen a lot of the evolutions like I was selling myself on the phone during COVID where, you know, someone could watch like a part of a VSSL and you could just slam them for 10 15k on the phone on a on a one call close. And then, you know, we've seen the market shift a lot, uh, since then. Um, and, you know, does feel like we're in a bit of a trust recession right now for sure. One of the recent offers we ran, you know, we we got it to like 700k cash collected a month on a cold traffic VSSL funnel, but what you kind of saw with that model is just a a law of diminishing return over time. So it became a constant battle of like cost per book call and you know dollar per lead, right? So the cost per book call would keep rising rising rising rising and you'd have a harder harder time getting a a high DPL because you know when someone just consumes obviously a small amount of content, you know, it's just not going to be as easy to obviously get them to move forward. And then the other problem with that is like you're not getting any ad spend back, right? So I have to say like looking at the economics of both like if we were to just compare it to like a cold traffic VSSL funnel versus like a low ticket funnel for example, the the economics of the company are completely different. Like like the owners, the clients that we work with are way less stressed. The lead quality is way better. Like the sales team's way happier. like everything is just better uh in general. Um and again like we know the market could shift like things Yeah. could change. Uh but right now I it's like a night and day difference. So Oh, what what e you said economics shift like what number because I know you track you know you're throwing a DPL this this and that. Like what number do you see either go up or go down that makes you happy and kind of levels things out? Like what key metric? Yeah, I'd say the main thing is the cost per book call and the DPL because obvious DPL do you want to explain what that is for people who may not know? For sure. So DPL is dollar per lead. Um so it's essentially like another conversion metric similar to like conversion rate. The problem with conversion rate compared to DPL is the fact that you know depending on how you are attributing your data uh conversion like a deposit could go to conversion uh a three pay could go to you have a value ladder with a 2k offer and a 10k offer and a 2k sale could go to conversion whereas like you don't get paid on conversion you get paid on cash collected obviously so you might have two reps one has a higher conversion version one has a higher DPL. Well, the one with a higher DPL is more profitable to your company even if he's closing a few less sales because he might be just doing 10k full pays for example. Yeah, obviously there's like a lot of gray lines to that. Um, but if you're not tracking DPL, you're kind of crazy because conversion is helpful, but I'd almost say it's more of like a vanity metric. Yeah. My closers have a 20% close rate, bro. like on what your downell like payment plans. And don't don't even get me [ __ ] started on uh like how they attribute the data with like offers made and only people who show up and only people like you know like taking accountability for every lead on the calendar because like you paid for every lead on the calendar, you know? So like that's a whole different Yeah. But overall you're seeing the lift. You said the sales everyone's happier in it. the cost per call. What like with the qualities, some people are always like, well, if you sell low ticket, then aren't you going to attract a lower quality person to the sales team? Like, have you seen that happen? What are you, like when you say it's a better person coming through, why is that? Does the quality change at all? That's a really great question, too. So like there is this thought process that obviously like more rich successful people you like you want a like a funnel built around not as much resistance to get them through so to speak. Um and I think there can be some truth to that but realistically for like most BTOC especially bizop offers like traditional offers that most people are selling I'd say absolutely not. Um, if anything, it's almost the inverse because I think that people get so focused on like qualification to get a good lead, which is really important, right, to an extent. But it's not like sometimes, you know, a quote unquote lead isn't as maybe ideal, not because of how qualified they are, but because of how educated they are. Oh, yeah. So, I think that's a like common misconception is like, let's put more financial qualifications, blah, blah, blah. But like people buy because they want to. And it's funny because like um we we tell our teams this all the time. Like if someone shows up the call and they're like, "Oh, I don't have money." Well, that could be completely different by the end of the call. That's that's the whole [ __ ] reason you do a discovery and go through a sales process. Otherwise, there just be a a page where people buy. So, it's like taking them through a sales process and an education process. All of a sudden now someone who didn't have money does have money, but it's because they're more willing to move forward. And I think that's one of the main benefits of like a low ticket funnel is actually educating the individual. Yeah. There's also like two kind of sorts of objections. So you have like your common ones like think about it, spouse, money, logistics, you know what I mean? Like the things that Yeah. Classic. Yeah. Like all sales people should know how to deal with. Uh, but what you'll notice on like uh cold traffic VSSL funnels, you know, like a lot more short form straight to like app or book a call. Hey, I just found out you existed. Hey, I just watched a part of a video. Hey, I I just clicked this ad 24 hours ago. I don't even know who you are. I don't know what you do. I don't know what this is. That is like a whole different spectrum of objections, which I still believe sales people should be able to handle if they're good. Yeah. However, the the low ticket ascension actually gets rid of most of that and kind of back to dealing with you could say like more traditional objections. Yeah. Hence why like I'm a fan and I think it works well. And then going back to your main point of like does it get a better quality lead? Um I think that once someone's educated and has trust in the process, they are a better quality lead. Yeah, true. Yeah, I feel that. I I see that happen a lot even when we're running webinars. People say, "Oh, if they don't have money, like they'll say they don't have it right there, but then by the end of the webinar because they really want it." Yeah. They're like finding a way to get that money or, you know, and obviously it's like, you know, obviously I feel like there's some due diligence on the salesperson's side to make sure you're not selling something to someone that either is like this is not for you. Which obviously I know you guys do well and I've seen you guys turn away people where it's like, hey, you know, this isn't for you. I know some people are way they're awful. They're like black hat. They're just like they'll take anything. But it is true like a lot of good people they like will find a way to get money like oh wait you know I can do this or like they'll they'll find a way to to afford it. And so I agree with that. Yeah. Which like and I have a lot of examples of that closing on the phone because uh there'd be times where it's like you get the 30-year-old lady single mom. She lives with her parents. she's making $500 a week. As a salesperson, it's like so hard to not be like, "Oh, fuck." Like, "Oh, no." Like, "Here we go." But when you have the ability to like not prejudge people and like actually give them the time of day regardless of who you believe they are and actually care about helping them, I think more often than not, you will be pleasantly surprised. And like that that's a very specific example of a call I had when I was closing full-time. Yeah. And then I get to the end, I pitch her on 10K, like [ __ ] like this feels like a long shot. She's like, "Oh yeah, I have I have two credit cards with 5K each." Boom, full pay. And it's like, but it would have been so easy to start skipping steps or like, you know, hang up. Yeah. Just be like you like, and I think everyone wants to have like, oh, I need higher quality leads or it's like you just people just want, of course, you want the person that just has a bunch of cash on hand or money on hand and it's like, yeah, sure. But it's like that's not everybody. It's like the person saying that they want that kind of customer probably even that person themselves like bro even like massive bro like I worked with some companies are like four million a month 1 million a month yeah and for like consulting and stuff I'll share share the package and even they are like do you have like two pays or do you have like three I'm like bro and then the same people who are like we need higher quality people I'm like bro you're the same way so um yeah they're just manifesting themselves Don't complain. Um, okay. But when it comes to, and that's totally fine. I'm that same way, too. I'm like, "Hey, what you got?" But, um, let's talk about after someone purchases, how are people currently getting on your sales team's calendar? Yeah. What is that next step? What does that ascension process look like? Where are we introducing the call in the funnels that you're on? Heck yeah. Great question, bro. So, I think there's a few buckets here. Um, one is obviously the page they go after after purchasing. Um, I was called a book a call page. I know some people just call it like, you know, a one time offer to book a call, whatever. Um, so that page there, like I don't really see a reason why it wouldn't be on every low ticket funnel if you have an ascension. Um, because I've talked to people where they're like, "Oh, we didn't put it in. We only retarget through the course or emails or texts or whatever." But like you can get like 20% of book calls just through the like what the hell. Yeah. Um and I think they're really solid. So that piece there I think is one of the biggest ones. Um we've structured this quite a few different ways and I like I know we talked about this earlier. Yeah. Some people will disguise it a little bit more you know like um hey book your onboarding call you have the strategy session for XYZ thing. Um what's work what's been working really well for us right now at least on the teams doing like half a mill mil mill a month um is being a little bit more clear but I I think there's a balance here right like in what world you're like oh book this sales call to buy this other thing from us like it's not going to work but at the same time you know like depending on how you structure it can change the intent of how that person shows up to the call too um and a part of this a big part of this is on the sales team as well. Yeah. And it's been working really well for us at least is like, "Hey, you got this thing from us. It's going to help you accomplish X, Y, and Z. But if you'd rather have us hold your hand, if you'd rather have us help track, if you'd rather have us do it for you, whatever, then we do have this other thing that can, you know, create XYZ result." Yeah. Um, so it's pretty much like you're literally I mean, I've seen we've done this, too, but Yeah. I could do a book a call. It's you treat it the same as just an upsell. It's just a CTA has changed from add to cart to book a call. Like you still have to affirm their purchase, let them know they got everything needed, then if they want to accelerate or solve the next problem, you got to book a call for it is like the shift. Is that what you're saying? Exactly, dude. A good example of this is one of the offers we're working with now. This ascension is so [ __ ] sick. Um, basically they go from obviously paid ads to low ticket. The first offer is like, "Hey, here is basically like how you run ads." Like, "Here's like ad templates. Here's how you do it." The second Otto is like, "Hey, here's how you create your landing page. Here's the landing page templates." Then the third to book a call is like, "You know what, man? Would you rather just have us do all this for you? Book a call with our team." And it's like the most linear clear. I think I know what offer that is. I think I know. Yeah. I don't want to. Yeah, that was sick. No, that one that one works well. Like that's like one of the best. And it's funny because you think, well, why would they they just bought the templates, they just bought that, why would they want that? Well, it's like a lot of times people buying the templates, they want student to work even more. So there's always going to be that person that wants to just speed it up and and think about the micro commitments. True. You're are like it's called the sunk cost fallacy, right? Like you're you're getting deeper and deeper in the process. So it's like inherently you just want to take the next step. You've already spent money. You're kind of a little bit deeper. It's like ah I can take one more step. You know what I mean? True. That's true. It's like I'm all in. At that point they're like they're committing to this business model or this this process or their relationship or their weight loss. So it's like well shoot. You know it's like when you're going to buy like a new iPhone or even a laptop and you're like you're already committed to getting it and then you see the upgrade for a little more storage or a little you're like well I'm already gonna buy it. Like I might as well add $200 more for more storage or the newest update. Like I do it all the time. Like sure, okay. And then I just add it on. Yeah. I just spawned. He's like, "You want infrared? You want therapeutic air thing?" I was like, "Fuck it." I'll take all of it. I'll take all the order bumps. Okay. So, you're doing you're doing more direct. Um, when would you do an implementation style like onboarding call like fully disguised? When would you do that? And also, do you need to have a killer hungry sales team for that to perform? Great question. So, it's going to depend on the offer um and the pro like yeah, just the offer, the structure quite a bit. Um cuz if there's like a creative way of doing it that's congruent. I think that's a big thing is it has to be congruent. Um unless you are just going like straight onboarding approach because like you could run that first call as like an onboarding call and then at the end be like hey would you rather have us just help you like the same sort of VSSL but it's this real humans doing it. Yes. Um because we did run one offer where like that first call was basically an onboarding call and then we just pushed everyone to a closing call after and it it [ __ ] crushed. Um yeah, there's one offer we're working with right now where we like we we do disguise it quite a bit, but basically we're like helping them build like a low ticket funnel. You know what I mean? Something similar like that or just funnel in general. How dare you compete against me. It's like he does like the done for you builds or whatever. Oh, okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. He's not doing that. DFI builds. Oh, um we get on the call and it's the same thing like we run him through like, hey, this is what your funnel should look like. But he he also does like ebooks and like webinars. is he like kind of it's just like a done for you funnel really. Um but then we we go through like hey this is like what we recommend but would you rather just have us build this for you for 15k? Um so like that works really well. They actually pay $500 though for that call. Yes. Is that an upsell? Is that an upsell before that? Uh there's there's a few like offers. Yeah. You don't have to be specific. I don't want to leak this dude's stuff but that's cool. Pay for it. That makes sense. Yeah. Um, but that that's working really well. So, I think depends on what you're trying to accomplish and like the offer itself because Oh, yeah. Go ahead. Does it also like would you decide between doing the hidden call versus a upfront call if like depending on the how big the sales team is, how much volume, what type of like does that like activity model does that come into play? Because what if you have like you need let's say everyone's book an onboarding call you probably get 50 to 60% of your front-end buyers booking that initial call which means your setters you need to have enough setters to handle all of that influx. Like do you take that into account and then you're like well maybe let's do more direct so we only have 20% booking a call. Like is that a thought process you have or is that not how you really weigh the decision? No, that's a great question. I because it's almost like the cart before the horse where it's like the booking uh ascension model almost has to be in place before the sales team scales up or down. Um like with how we would do it like if we ran an onboarding call model and like we're getting 50 60% we're just going to scale the [ __ ] out of it as quickly as we can to make sure we're keeping up. So I don't say it's like that. It's kind of like solve the problem when you get there. Just freaking fill up the calendars and okay, go hire your reps. They're out there when you need them. Yeah. Like I feel like you know the sca the sales team scales based off of what the marketing and ascension like looks like. What does your conversation look like between you and then the marketing department when it comes to being on the back of these low ticket funnels? What type of information are you passing to them? What types of add-ons or improvements are you asking them to plug in? Whether it's even like the followup and the nurturing like what is the common things you're always having be like yo dog yo marketing team like get this add this like we need this it's worked really well you know because I even know you came down like yo dude this is something we need okay whatever you want so like what are some things that you're having to like tell them to add dude great [ __ ] question um there's every question I'm just like let's get fired up Um there's one like like I mean there's a few things but I can pinpoint the biggest one for sure. Yeah. It's it's um the confirmation page after they schedule and like um Jeremy Haynes talks about this a lot. Uh like the education piece because again you could run like a cold traffic VSSL funnel or low ticket whatever but like if these people aren't it's it's about the education is like I think the big component to helping someone make a decision. Yeah. Um, and the confirmation page creates no extra resistance in the funnel, right? Like they've already bought, they've already scheduled. We're not stopping them from doing anything at this point. Uh, but it's like a free it's just like a like a free way to make money literally because they'll all end up there. And what you can do and what the common mistake made is like there's either nothing there or there's like a two-minute video. Be prepared for your call because of these reasons, right? like it's just not a needle mover. Um, what we found works really really good is a video like breaking down the behind the scenes of like what this back-end program is, right? Because at this point they're educated on the model, you know, like there's some trust built. Like there's a lot of things that have happened, especially in a low ticket, but they don't even [ __ ] know what this back-end product is or like what they're booking a call for, right? Because the book a call video is really to just get them to book a call. So this could be like a Loom style video. And when I closed full-time, I actually used to make my own versions of these and send them to clients before the call and they get on the call and be like, "Dude, I watched your video like there's no way this couldn't be real, man." Uh, and it would make the closes so easy. Um, you know, there's something coming and they're just they're probably like, "What is it and how much?" Instead, if you get out what it is all the way, then it's just how much? And then like are you a good fit for it? Yeah. And you definitely don't need to disclose price, you know, like you kind of weigh that based off again the resistance you want to create. But um this is this could be like a 30 minute even hourong video where like they meet the team, you show them what the onboarding process would look like once they purchase or if they purchase like an example of a group coaching call, example of a one-on-one coaching call. Like show them the inside of the course. You have tools, resource, access, show them that you have a community with wins. show them that like just like nothing held back lit, you know what I mean? Like behind the curtain view, [ __ ] go through the program like if if it's a good program, they should be excited. Show them why you hiding it, dude. And then another video that works well is like future pacing them out. Um where basically like you can kind of break down the math and like how the economics work once they get started and how they'll make money. Obviously, you want to be, you know, careful with FTC compliance, things like that. not like saying a bunch of crazy stuff, but you know, you can kind of give general examples of like, hey, if you start with this much in marketing, you know. Yeah. Yeah. Like a projections like we've done that where you can say like the goal is to hit this like this is our goal month one, but it's like chances are you probably won't hit that unless like you know like you know this best case scenario this is the goal. You know worst case maybe it's going to be a little less. you can like say like these are the goals or the milestones, but they're not guarantees. Like we cannot guarantee this. Yeah. Just just hedge with some softeners. You know what I mean? And you can say like it's illegal for me to make any claims. Like I I can't tell you, but I can say like this is our this is like our goal. My dream is that this is what would happen. But that also could be implied claims. You could get freaked there, too. So you just just don't guarantee anything. And don't trust us for advice. Go ask an FTC lawyer. But the future pace works so freaking well. And this is good for like analytical people, too. like when they can kind of like it'll start to make more sense to them because let's be honest, why do people do any of these ROI offers is to make money and get a result. And it's like if you can demonstrate that, I mean, it's it's going to click in their head on a let's say it's not a business one and it's more of a relationship relationship offer. What would you put on the post booking call page for that? That's a great question. Um, another one. Yes, I did. just buying yourself talking like frick I need an answer. All right. Well, that's a great question. Let me think. Um, well, I think the the big thing that could work is like phases or like you you show because again, one of the offers we work with now is like helping Christian husbands save their marriages. And there's four steps or four stages. So you can kind of break down like what that like repairing that relationship process would look like even if it's like a dayto day, week to week, month to month. Obviously relationships are much more complex than like a freaking schedule and timeline. Um but like kind of the process or steps they would take towards repairing that relationship and then the overall outcome they could achieve after that process. So I think it can roughly work the same. you know, even if it was like a back pain offer, like, hey, we're going to do these exercises. We're going to go through these health steps and this is the ideal outcome. Like, you're going to be able to golf again. You're going to be able to do Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. P painting the picture. Yeah. The other video I think works well is like we talked earlier about like just common objections. Every offer has specific objections, right? So, like affiliate marketing, for example, is like, "Oh, I need a marketing budget." like, but I have to do I have to get a marketing budget going before I start making money. Um, or like, oh, why don't I just do e-commerce or Shopify or something like that instead of this? So, a video where you basically just pre-handle all of the objections for your specific offer and like more of like the FAQs. Yeah. I mean, is kind of a a no-brainer. Um, yeah, I've seen someone do like a video FAQ like on the page where it's like headline is a guy on camera and then I it was I think it was just the videos from like the hammer them method. Have you seen that from Jeremy Haynes? Yeah. Where it's like you just run ads that are just educational and like ham objection. I think they just put those on the thank you page and they also ran ads with them. Dude, pretty cool. I was actually watching his one of his videos last night. I I um one idea that he brought up is like shoot a loom raw dog, you know what I mean? And like do the research for customer for them. Like like go on Reddit, go like look at the negative reviews. And he's like pre-handle that. I I love that idea. That's sick. That's brilliant in my opinion. Stealing the frame because you're stealing the frame. It's like you don't even have to look. I'll look myself up, dude. And like what a great place to put that on the confirmation page in your email sequences, text sequences, code that out, whatever. You do like those videos like is so and so a scam and then be like send us an email or be like hey like is if you Google if I'm a scam like here's what I found and like and I was like just put that there. That'd be sick, dude. And I think it's obvious like again we're like authent people respect authenticity and just more than anything. So, it's like if you have the balls to do that, like your conversion rates are going to shoot through the roof because people will respect you and trust you. You know what I mean? Yeah. Um, okay. So, those are some good things post call purchase. Um, okay. Big question people ask me. How do you handle the objection? Oh, I'm just going to go through the product I purchased and then I'll come back like on a low ticket. I feel like that's a very common one. I in my mind know like how I like to handle it and I feel like if your backend product is so similar to the front end, you already kind of freaked up the ascension there. It should be a clear divide on the difference. But how do you how do you tell your sales teams to handle objections? So it's like, well, I just want to go through that first. We'll we'll pre-handle that one always. Um yeah, I feel like I mean every objection is better to pre-handle than to handle at the end once money's involved. So, one way you could do this is like literally at the beginning of the call. It depends on the offer and what they purchased on the front end, but like, "Hey, did you log in? Did you get a chance to like start going through everything?" Cuz again, depending on the price point and like what they purchased. Sometimes it is actually better to like, hey, let's make sure you logged in and force a reschedule. Uh, depending I wouldn't always do that. It really and like you don't want to use that as an excuse to not do a sales call, right? Like it it can go in the other direction too. Yeah. Like if someone has genuinely just spent like a few hundred dollars, they get on the co the call, they haven't even like looked at anything, they haven't logged in, you will get a lot of sales resistance pushing them through the sales without like just checking in, touching base, like, "Hey, did you did you log into this thing?" And um we have an offer crushing it right now. I think we're at like a 47% conversion rate on all booked calls from a low ticket ascension process, but we'll force reschedules. We have all the closers right now doing call confirmations for themselves. So like making sure people are in before. Um, and then you know if like they really seem confused and they haven't like we we actually will be like hey let me help you log in first like let's make sure you're okay and then time continue with the call or force a reschedule for like tomorrow and let them maybe go through a video or two. What you'll find is a night and day difference in the prospect because you can get someone who's like like genuinely confused. They're very resistant to your discovery, but it's because there's dissonance in their head because they like purchase this thing and they stop it. And that is like one of the whole benefits of a low ticket funnel is they purchase something and they receive it. So now there's all this trust built where it's like, "Oh, this dude, you know, I bought something, delivered it, so now I believe him and I trust him for the next part of the process." Um, that's smart. That's smart. Yeah. Having That's cool. I didn't think about doing that. I think that's also where like maybe uh the onboarding call kind of is a benefit too because you're log in. Okay, you got access like Yeah. But if they you could just ask them as like the sales rep like hey did you log in or if they're like what what did I purchase? Yeah, I like that. Yeah. And and you can blast them before call again. Do like a call confirmation as well like you know if you're not a lazy closer like you should be able to do call confirmations. It's not a big deal. Yeah. Um or if you have a setter process like even if you are doing like a two call close like that could just be an SOP for the setters like true spend the first part of the call making sure they're good. Yeah. Um so that that's one of the first ways. Second way is like in discovery ask them so like hey you got started on this what ma what made you book the call instead of maybe just focusing on what you already have and trying to figure it out on your own. you ask them that question because again it does depend on the intent. If it is more of the onboarding call then like you can't really ask that question but if you're doing an onboarding call to a closing call you can ask that on the closing call because at least it would be clear at that point. Y same if you're doing a more like direct ESL where it's like, "Hey, you know, you purchased this but you're booking a call for this." You can just ask them because if someone takes the time to schedule, there's pretty much nothing they can say anymore. You know what I mean? True. Like I learned this from Grant Cardone back in the day. Uh but it's like, "Oh, you know, like I didn't have the money, blah blah blah." Or like it's not in my budget. It's like, "Yeah, but you knew that before you booked the call and you booked the call anyways, so why did you book the call?" Like obviously you would never say it to somebody like that, right? But like you go back to like, well, no worries at all. So like what made you schedule in then? Why didn't you just do this first? Well, because now they're going to have to defend their position and justify it. Well, because it did seem pretty interesting. I did want more help and support. I was interested in this. And now you just had them handle their own objection. So then you get to the end of the call and they they're like, "Oh, I got to think about it." You isolate the objection. They say, "Oh, it's because I'm going to focus on this." Well, hey, earlier you told me this, so what what do you feel like the issue is now? You know what I mean? You can just literally reiterate what they told you earlier. Yeah. Yeah. I like that. That's great. What other common objection comes up on the back end of a low ticket that might not on a VSSL if we didn't hit on it already? Um, that's a good that's a really good question. Um I I can't that that's like one of the main Yeah, that's what I feel like objection that's created or um or if there is like a disconnect between what they purchased and the back end like there has to be some level of congruency for them to not be confused. Yeah. I So if the separation is clear, the value is clear then you're fine. But that's the only other objection I could really see. when when has a low ticket funnel actually done worse for you and you then switched to just direct call funnel and why what was your hypothesis for why that happened? Uh honestly dude I don't think a a low ticket funnel really never. Okay. Yeah. Go ahead. You said you're on an off right now that is a call funnel. Uh I think I don't know if you talked before recording you said the numbers but um why did you choose like was that just what was already set up when you came in to the company or have are they thinking about doing a low ticket now? Like what was the what's the thought process there for the that situation? Yeah. Well, I think we launched that offer almost like four or five years ago now. like we ran it up uh for a minute um and we actually launched a low ticket funnel like the cold traffic VSSL funnel for that offer we shut down the like we were I know is that the one that we had talked about potentially coming and helping or is Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. Um and like dude we our DPL and conversion actually increased over time because like the sales team got better, the culture got better, but the cost per book call just kept going up and up and up. And it's like you go from a 4x 3x to to barely squeezing out a 2x and it's like well what's the point after you pay everybody right? Yeah. Just have a just go back and have like two employees and do 100 grand a month and then profit like 50%. Just go work at Costco, man. Just go be a manager. Go be a shift lead more. Yeah. Okay. So you event you did go to low ticket. all roads leaded led to that just economics dang it right now like low ticket's just crushing it's just crazy like it feels too like because I know that obviously I mean I own the domain low ticket offers.com but I still like am I dreaming like what am I missing like I'm always like this has to just be like a like what I'm seeing why I'm so biased it's because it's just because of the situation the market I'm in but it's like every single time it's like the numbers prove it like the situations prove it. I'm trying to find something that will try to like play devil's advocate, but nothing nothing is like no one's playing devil's advocate against low ticket offers right now. Heck yeah. I I I agree. The only caveat I would add is if it's like B2B. Uh yeah, but even then I mean B2B we started doing $97 done for you ones. So it's like uh we do like one piece of the process done for you that could be done with a VA really quick feedback whatever. So it's like $97 and that works. So it's still in the low ticket range. So then because you just can't do DIY. So you have to do done for you. Even if it's like an audit like one big one big thing be really good right now is like $97. Okay. Actually I can't share this one. Oh, but like just do an audit like do do like an audit of something like $97 bucks or you'll architect something, plan something out or whatever. Like that works well. But some workers are really whack where it's like there's not much you can do for them, you know, like what's an investment opportunity? It's like you're probably not going to do like if you're raising capital, I wouldn't really sell low ticket. Yeah. Well, I love the audit idea, by the way, because uh like Yeah. He's like, imagine if like you were selling $97. I'll audit your current sales process, your numbers, this and that, and I'll tell you what's wrong, what to fix, this and that. And then it's like, oh, some some dude who's really big, he's always be like, "Well, frick. I'm always down for more eyeballs." Like, it's just consulting. Like the big B2B players, they just pay. The reason consulting's so big is because they want other eyes. They want certainty. They want clarity. And so, and then also like you could do with AI, but also people like I don't they don't trust it as much that if there's like someone's real life examples like oh shoot. And it's like fill out this form, send me a call recording, done with this, I'll audit it. And then you sit there, it takes like 15 minutes, 20 minutes, like and you're like, "This is wrong." You point out one thing that's wrong, they're like, "Oh, wow." Give them one little idea. Yeah. And honestly, like the this is like not the dark lore, but if you really want to simpl your if I was really doing this to simplify the fulfillment, it's like you just give everyone the same pointer that they've never heard before. Like like on the their post uh booking page, add that freaking video. You think about that? And then they're like, "That was worth $97, so maybe we got to clip this out." But that would be a sick offer. It would be, bro. What What's like one thing you've pointed out with someone where they were like cuz like you're right. Like one lever for $97 could be like like honestly like a million. Like yeah, you're worth it's worth it all day. You just put on one little thing. They're like that's sick, you know? That'd be awesome. So those ones for B2B work pretty well. But well, what's interesting you say that is because like the way I would run my sales process with potential clients is like I do a a set call. Yeah. Audit to a close and like that is how like even for people in your community like publishing offers like you you better run it like that. You know what I mean? Like you got to see you're actually checking to see if you can help them like you're putting in more effort. So and then they respect it and has more appeal there. So yeah, anyways, people take that, use it for yourself if you want. I'm trying to think what what else I have about low t um your po like when somebody books a call emailwise, SMS-wise, pretty basic. You're just doing like like how often you mail email them before the call. How far out you let when someone purchase a low ticket, do you let them book same day? Do you do next day? Does any of that affect it or help it at all? Those little details. I don't know. I don't know if that does much lift. It does. So, um, what's interesting is like historically or like you know generally you would think like let's book people in like as soon as quickly or as you know as fast as possible. Um, and I think that is the correct thought process especially for a cold traffic VSSL funnel and in a lot of other situations. low ticket, I'd actually say it's a little bit different. Mainly because if they're able to book in like let's just say same day or like an hour later or whatever. U kind of goes back to like they haven't even logged in or like viewed what they purchased is where you get a lot of the benefit from the ascension because of the trust because of the education indoctrination. So we actually will delay calendars like eight hours, 12 hours. So it's always has to be next day just to try and give a little bit of a buffer. And we've have increased conversion in DPL that way. And it hasn't affected no-show at all because again with low ticket you just get way better no-show rates. Like straight up, you just do because it's almost like I mean it is like they already are a current client instead of like something they just booked in on a whim. Um, so I actually highly recommend messing with your like booking times uh because you can likely get a lot upside for no downside. And then um in terms of like emails, text stuff like that, I mean you you know I don't like like I stay in my lane. I'm you know like I don't do the funnel or the marketing things like that. Um but I mean like a sevenday sequence. We have a team right now that does a 60-day sequence after they pay. Um, what's really interesting about this is Yeah. Another offer we ran up like quite a bit. Uh, the majority of our booking percentage came actually from the follow-up emails. Yeah. I mean, that's what I Yeah, it's usually the email like it comes later. It's like you may get 20%, you know, from the funnel. everyone else they're coming from the email or maybe text or you know maybe outbound dials but it's like email like they seem to get to know you they don't know who the freak you are like what's like the convert do you have timelines the average sales cycle for a low ticket buyer to a high ticket like the do you track that is that even a number worth tracking I I it is helpful to understand and know mainly because if you like increase ad spend lower ad spend change something on marketing you know how long it's going to take to actually see the effect on the back end. We've had offers that are like a two week sales cycle only because of the audience is like very very finicky and we're doing a low ticket and we're doing a two call close. Um and this is to like first payment like there's a lot of deposits things like that. Yeah. So that's helpful just because like hey we increased ad spend why isn't why didn't sales go up? It's like well there's a twoe lag time. You know what I mean? Literally. Yeah. Yeah. Um, so that what's the average? What would you say across the board if you're to pull a whip a number out of your It think it depends. It so depends on the offer because we've had it as low as like two to three days. We've had it maybe like a good estimate is to seven. What would you say for uh Have you done any health offers yet? Yep. What would you say? Health Okay, let's do health. How long would you say that? I don't actually know what it was for that one. Relationship relationship say cycle for a relationship offer. I think we're we're like at a two to five two to five day sales cycle right now. And then business opportunity. We've had business bisop as low as two to three days. Yeah. I'd say like two to seven unless you're doing a two call close. Expect it to go out as like far as 14 days. That ain't Yeah. Yeah, I guess you're liquidating spend and you're like where Okay, you say you let's say you push it. I like you said it's so hard. It's always a you this like case by case scenario because there's pros to having it being too call. Maybe it's like does it just increase the volume because you're building more relationship and connecting to people or is it adding friction that's too long or how long it is your reinvestment cycle? It's like a whole math game, bro. Like the more I'm in this game, it's just all freaking math. And and are you good at numbers? Like how I feel like like did you have to get dialed in on that? Like does most of your job now just like looking at numbers and do you feel like the numbers can speak to you at this point? Like I feel like I look at a low ticket funnel. They like speak to me like they tell me what's going on as like woo woo as it sounds. No, dude. I know what you mean. Like yeah, it is interesting like looking at data and this is one thing too I always hold the team accountable to. Uh because whenever you get a rap it's like oh dude it's the [ __ ] leads. It's like no [ __ ] you. You're acting like a [ __ ] Like I wouldn't say I wouldn't say but in closing we have a great culture, dude. Well, I just believe in like accountability, responsibility. Like we have an obligation to do a great job like period. Um and so like it's funny because I'll just pull up the scoreboard uh and I'm like oh interesting man. So, like what about Mike who has double your DP on conversion? Like what do you what do you think's different? Oh, I don't know, man. It's got a little unlucky with the I have a lot of no-shows. Oh, that's interesting because like your no-show percentage is actually lower if you look. But it's like, you know, like it's all like I feel this way. Yes. Which is fine. Like I get it, dude. Like especially, you know, with Yeah. It's like it's stressful. Um but it's always funny because I'm like dude, it's the same leads. So, like you tell me what's different. Um, and I like I have to have some of those conversations sometimes because it's like numbers might be down like for a month and I'm and I have to like draw that line in the sand. Guys, nothing is different. The funnel didn't change and unless the funnel changed, like there's no reason we're not doing better and improving every month. You know what I mean? Yep. Yeah. Um, and I will add one thing to what you asked earlier about like uh like the ascension or people booking. Um, so I think it's text, emails, I think it's, you know, the book a call page, things like that. I do outbound is a really, really big part of this. Who are you calling? Because there's you can I've heard some people only call people that buy upsells and order bumps. I heard some people call a on the front end. Like what's the because obviously a setter or a closer usually they have like a priority list like start today with these people and they kind of like what does that look like in terms of like who you call first and what's the framing of that call? Yeah. Um, we'll build out like a separate outbound pipeline stage in the CRM. Um, and then we'll have like multi call stage process. So, we import all the front-end buyers. Um, and we will segment based off what they purchase because obviously like they only purchased the 17 or 27, you know, a little bit lower intent than the the dude who purchased the 200, you know, Otto or whatever, but we just call everybody. Um, so we have setters like have a certain KPI of dials and booked appointments that they have to hit every day. Um, and then we'll have them go through rip through those call stages. So, uh, they're calling about like eight times, four texts, four emails at least before going to the next lead. This is over like a four or five day process. Not obviously same day. That'd be crazy. Um, and then the whole intent of that is to get them, it depends on the the the sales process. If you're doing a one call, you book them straight in for the closing call. If you're doing a two call, they book them in with themselves for like the set call or the onboarding call. Um, yeah. But we like we've gotten a lot of traction uh just calling front end buyers. We do that for all our offers. Yeah. Yeah. Um like there's no reason not to. And then which dude the craziest thing to me. So we have this offer right now. Uh it's wholesale real estate. Um we imported the front-end buyers uh and we have like an abandoned cart sequence set up um that will come out from like the client or the closers. Dude, we we got 80 booked appointments in a month from like front qualified front-end buyers by sending one text in one email to just like a reactivation campaign pretty much. No, literally just after they bought, we just sent them a text and email and like does that make sense? Like this is before outbound or anything. It's just like Yeah, you're just you're just saying like what are you saying in that text or email? just like, "Hey, looks like you got started on XYZ. If you want more help and support uh with XYZ, book a call with my team here." Boom. And then we'll either send them back to the VSSL, the type form, whatever. Um, and it's funny just because most people aren't even texting their front end buyers, dude. Like it just like one and we do a lot more than one text and email obviously. Like we have a multi-stage sequence. We have outbound. We have setters calling. But I'm just saying from like the one text and email, we got 80 booked appointments in addition to everything else coming through. That's so sick. I love I I was talking to uh one of my friends and he found what they did is like after someone bought they wanted to get the people to consume or like engage or get into momentum. So they made them reply to a text or an email to get their loginins. Oh, really? Like, hey, like you can do it dark lord where you say, hey, like I don't think it's sent. Did you did you see it? And if not, let us know. No, I didn't. Oh, here's here's your login. Or you just say, hey, to get access, let us know this is the right email, the right phone number, and we'll send you login. Then you send them log in. Hey, did you get logged in? Cool. Hey, by the way, boom. Like, book a call. So then and then it was also like message us on Facebook or Instagram for a bonus. So then it's like you're getting them to reach out to you multiple times so they're really remembering who you are. That's awesome. And so I thought that was pretty cool too. Just like how do you get and also we did that for a webinar. We had people do homework before the webinar and it was framed as like do this assignment, send us your stuff, I will review it before the webinar. And I actually did that for everyone who did it. So it's like that's bad. Holy crap. Like this dude's and not everyone's going to do it, but for the people that do, think about the level of intent of like, "Holy crap." Like, you probably have a VA review. Have a train your VA on how to review the assignment or and just say, "Hey, that looks good." Yeah. You know, that's so badass, bro. Um, you made me think of something, too. One time I saw on a confirmation page, it was like basically fill out another application form to unlock a free training video. So they literally filled out a second type form after booking call to watch another video that sells them on the process. And I was like I was like that's so brilliant. Yeah, might as well. Like I don't see the con in just having like like it's free real estate like you said have a thank you page like you might as well just keep asking or giving or moving them through like like go into it and like I well just I'm thinking it's like how could you keep the momentum going? It's like well what if instead of them going to a course you take them through like a almost like how a challenge or one of those like product launch funnels where you click to the next video like what if he's hosted there lesson one. Like what if you get them through the first few lessons on the page and you just click a button so then you have to go log in. Like I feel like it's like keep like I I made a post I'm curious your thoughts on on this uh equation if you would agree or disagree. I think you'll agree but I said uh minimizing like the key to low ticket right now is minimizing input on the customer's end plus minimizing friction to buy and consume the product plus increasing the consumption on the back end. So, it's pretty much minimizing on the front end, but then maximize consumption as much as possible on the back end once they're in the door. And I feel like that it's like what if you just start how do you maximize getting to consume so much that thank you page the course video is like drag that on as much as possible, dude. 10 10,000% bro 10,000%. And it goes back to it's like, you know, like I I hate when people complain about leads and stuff like es especially sales people es especially if I'm like your discovery [ __ ] sucks, dude. Like you you don't have a leg to stand on right now, man. Um uh it's like dude like I think I was watching Jason uh yeah like some YouTube video and he he's like people aren't saying no. It's just like I don't have the right information to make a decision yet. And like I really agree with that sentiment. Um because it's like man you you take people through the right process and all of a sudden magic oh my god magically they have money now and they want to move forward. It's like crazy dude you know. Yeah. And there's some people in a two position and you know obviously Yeah. I'm curious this is and we'll we'll end it here on this question. Sure, find someone else. We can go as long, but I want to make sure people watch it. If they see two hours, might be like, "What the freak?" Then they throw an AI. They don't even watch it. Um, making it possible for everyone to buy. Obviously, you want to push for high as a DPL. And so, you don't want to just be, oh, I got payment plan right away and be like, someone objects. But like, what are you guys doing creatively to help people afford your product? Is it pretty standard? just have payment plans or is there anything new you guys have been testing? Um, I don't know if there's anything new, but um, I've done like actually some extensive testing on this. Uh, always, always, always, always, no matter what, pitch your highest ticket program on every call, every time, no matter what the prospect says, ever. Um, and I think sales people have a problem with this because they hear certain things in Discovery and then they're like, "Oh man, they they're broke, they can't do it, whatever." Um, but that's a limiting belief in my opinion. And even if they can't, what you'll find is like that just sets the anchor anyways. So then downelling, like if if you know how to elegantly downell becomes so much easier regardless. Um, so like that alone can increase DPO and conversion. Like having a value ladder can increase DPO and conversion. I mean, there's like a lot we could talk on there. Yeah. Um, but outside of that, you know, especially with like coaching, consulting, to be honest, I would never go past a threeay. Um, we do have to live in reality. Like there's some people who think their product is like so freaking amazing and like, oh, I can do like a 12-mon thing. It's like, no, you can't, dude. No, you can't. 90% of these people are never going to log in. And it's just the reality of the situation. You know what I mean? It's not it's not, you know, cuz you're Yeah, you're not. It just is what it is. Yeah. Um, so I would never go past a three pay personally. Um, if we're looking at like what are these like big needle movers, I mean, if you can get a firm in CLA, absolutely run it up. Yeah. Um, we've increased cash collective by 30% on some of our teams having that. The problem is they hate bisop and high ticket. Yeah. Um, and it's not compliant. There are some workarounds like you could set yourself up on Shopify, create a I heard about something like that. I've not Have you Okay, what have you seen? Split it. Have you guys tested that? No, I I mean I've been Yeah, I They just changed something that may make it more annoying. They just made an update where it's like they hold 15% of your money for 180 days. So like you close a 10K, you'll get like So there's already a 15% fee, then they hold another 15%. So technically you're holding they take 30% of money and that so I think that might I think that's going to freak up a lot of economics but yeah I don't know it is it's nice for the customer because there's no fees on the customer's end and there's no credit cards or loans but yeah I personally never done a firm or or whatever the freak those are called but I know like some big companies that do like even like in fitness and stuff. Yeah because if you you have a personal product I think they are okay with it. But I think it's when you get into business products. Yeah. Which that's just fair because there's some sketchy business people out there that be it's good there's regulation for those people. I agree. And uh the other one is like if you want to get a little bit more reckless, there are like um I think ease has one, Coach Financing has one, but it's kind of like a loan program where like you could just approve anybody. Like they could have they have they dude they could have like three bankruptcies and get approved for a loan. It's that's crazy. That's like it's crazy. Um what are you doing? I'm not Yeah. Some dude watching this right now is like we're justing we're not suggesting this. No, no, no, no. And there's a lot of contingencies. So like like one if they don't uh like make like two to three months payments after instant recourse instant charge back on on you uh and then two depending on like their tier of credit you only get like 30 to 70% of the cash up front anyways and you pretty much plan on never receiving the rest. Um cuz like some of these companies like they do some they do weird stuff where like you're supposed to get the rest but I I Yeah. Yeah. They be Yeah. Um there not a fan but like we have used it and it has got deal like it has created more cash. I've heard some things some people like if it's no and we've kind of done this in some ways but if there's no way for people to afford it let's say it's a group coaching offer there's element of support. So there's cost of fulfillment. I hear some people they just take that out of the stack and they'll sell them just like the course or just like the digital products. There's no cost to it. It's like they really can't afford anything. It's like a one time $500 $1,000 thing just because have you seen that happen at all? Or do you guys ever just have like a do you have always like a fail safe? like this is the last like just to get some DPL in the pipeline. Even $1, you know, like I'm a I'm a huge fan of that. Um yeah, just having a value ladder makes such a big difference. And like this kind of goes back to like the 8020 rule if anyone's ever read that. Um but it's like you you know you're gonna have like let's just say you have only a 5k offer. I can't even describe how much money you're leaving on the table. Um because like there's so many people buying that 5K that would do 10K w without even like a question, right? Like without even a freaking question in their mind. And there's also a ton of people coming in that just literally couldn't do the 5K that could do the 2K, right? And it's like by creating a value ladder, you just are able to help so many more people based on where they're at. And like there's been a direct correlation between having some like different products and you know the value ladder to increasing DPL and conversion on the back end without a doubt and with the same traffic and lead flow. Yeah. You already have. Yeah. No, I think we're definitely getting into a place now where it's like help people afford you if there's no other way because it's like you gotta help with the result. If you really, if you're saying marketing, you really are doing this because you want to help people too. Like, yeah, I launched this. I just wanted to help people, you know, get, you know, lose weight or fix their marriages, but also like I'm gating it behind a 10K thing. I'm not going to budge. Like, do you really? So, I think it's like morally it's good to have more affordable options, too. You know, I feel like it helps you go to sleep at night knowing you're actually doing something for people. On that wholesome note, man, like I freaking love money and I think, you know, who doesn't? like why isn't that why you know we do this to to be successful? Um but I think it is important to remember it's like the whole point is to actually give back to the world and like really freaking help these people and it's like depending on how much value you can create is how much value you receive. So it's like if you're not really giving value to the world like you're not going to make any money anyways. And I think my first mentor taught me that. He's like the amount of money you have is a direct reflection to the amount of value you've given to the world. Um, and I think there's just so much truth to that. Well, let's end it there. That was a good note to end it on. Uh, or we can end it on the note of what you told me before you start recording. Just I want this to be monetized, right? But, uh, I appreciate you, Zach. Uh guys, if you're interested in having Zach's team on the back end of your low ticket funnels, please hit him up. He is our go-to person right now. Uh first in line, all this always like, you know, not every deal makes sense. He's going to qualify you. So don't hit him up if you have like one front-end buyer a day and you're just like spending 50 bucks a day. All right, let he's you got ramp it up, but still hit him up. You know, let him know. Try to woo him if you're scaling and you're like, "Yo, dude, a few months is me big." still hit him up. He's got my full sample of approval. Uh and I we were even talking I was like, "Dude, in a couple months you might have another one for him." So, uh go to that's that's my vetted person right here. And so, Zach, I appreciate you. Thanks for doing good work. Uh and appreciate you sharing so much today. This was this was good. This is a good exact. This is huge. Thanks for having me, bro. Josh is the goat. One of the best in the game at building low ticket funnels. So guys, like some of the back the best funnels we've been on the back end of. I appreciate it, dog. That's a better testimony than the one you left at the start of the call. But I think the first one was better. Yeah, I like that one. First one. All right, brother. I appreciate you. Blind it here.


╔══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╗
║  FONTE: 10 Laws of a Million Dollar Lowticket Call Funnel [gWacUheBApg].en.txt
║  VÍDEO: 10 Laws Of A Million Dollar Lowticket Call Funnel [Gwacuhebapg].En
║  ADICIONADO EM: 04/08/2026
╚══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╝

If you're looking to get high-ticket clients practically for free with a funnel where you spend $1 in ads and get $1 back the same day, you need to pay attention to this video because we're going to get very tactical and I'm going to walk you through the 10 commandments of a winning low-ticket call funnel. Now, I did a free course on how to build a call funnel on my channel which I'll link below or pop up on the screen for you to check out. I want to go deeper into the laws and rules that we follow to build million-dollar low-ticket call funnels in almost every single niche imaginable. Now, don't know who I am, my name is Joshua Gavan and I own lowticketoffers.com as well as ascensionofficer.com. I've personally helped architect over 800 plus offers and almost every single market out there, you name it, I've done it. And I've pretty much become known as the consultant for info operators. So, if you name operator or a guru and their operator, chances are they've come to me for consulting to help them launch a cold-friendly offer using a low-ticket call funnel. So, what I'm going to share with you here today has been tested and used for not just 1 year, not just 2 years, but over 5 years of low-ticket offer experience. So, everything is proven and it's a law that we live by for each and [music] every single one of my deals. So, let's jump into the doc and go through it now. This is the 10 commandments of a low-ticket call funnel. By the way, if you want this entire document, just go ahead, take a screenshot of this video, tag me on X at Josh Gavan or Josh D. Gavan, you can find me there, and just take a screenshot of this video, I'll send it over to you there. But, let's get into this. We're going to break down every single commandment. So, commandment number one is thou shall build back to front starting with the back-end offer. Now, before you touch anything, you need to answer these three questions in order. Number one, where do you find yourself constantly thinking for your customers? The reason why is we need to figure out what are they truly paying for on the back end? What is the true offer they're paying for on the back end? You know, most times we sell something on the front end that gives away the meat and potatoes of why someone will convert on the back end. Or, you're too scared to sell something on the front end thinking that's what they're buying on the back end when in reality they're not paying for that, that's just an additional thing you could give away on the front. So, essentially we need to think back to front. I figure this out is where do I find myself constantly thinking for my customers? The second thing we need to do is we need to ask ourselves, what would my customers need to have ready before they reach a point where they need me to think for them? You guys got to realize like with your done-with-you and done-for-you coaching offers, people aren't paying for just coaching or calls or those types of things. They're paying for you to think for them. It's a done-for-you offer even if you're thinking for them. Even if it's not truly done for you, like if you're not doing something, they want you to think for them. So, if you're like, okay, maybe you're an e-com biz op offer, you know, they don't want to have to think for themselves on how to come up with ads or formats or strategies. They want you to just think for them and how to do that. So, maybe that's what they want on the back end. Maybe if you're a fitness health offer, they don't want to, you know, have to think for themselves on what to eat and the accountability and things like that. So, that's what they'd want on the back end. So, that way we know, all right, let's keep that on the back end, but let's give them something on the front end that gets them to that point. And that brings us to our last one which is, can I speedrun them to a point where they need my back-end offer? So, we honestly call this a point of failure, right? There's a natural point of failure with any do-it-yourself offer or course where if someone's doing it themselves, they'll reach a point where it can't go any further, where they need help, or they can spend years suffering trying to do it themselves. This is called a natural point of failure. We need to identify the natural point of failure and then give them whatever you need to on the front-end product to get to that point so that they're ready for our back-end offer. And so, that is how we figure out, hey, what is we sell on the back that people actually want, and then let's work back to front. So, that is the first commandment. second commandment is thou shall choose the right front-end offer format for thy market. There are five winning formats, all right? You need to choose the format for your offer depending on the awareness level. What I mean by format is just how it's packaged. So, there's tools and templates, there's evergreen challenges, there's a 1-hour fast start, there's a paid case study, and then there's a low-ticket done-for-you offer, all right? Now, if I had to die on the hill of just picking one, if I had to say this is the only low-ticket offer format I'm going to stick with, then the one I'm going to pick is the evergreen challenge. The reason why is it works well for any market, really good for the female market. There's a clear outcome, right? Of like what's going to happen at the end of that timeline, at the end of the days, and it's just one clear milestone that doesn't take out the back end. If you were to do like a course or something like that, then you're selling the full outcome. Like let's say it's starting an agency or it's like, you know, lose 40 lb or the whole thing and you're saying that this front-end offer will get them the full picture, the full outcome instead of just a milestone. What's going to happen is they're going to come to your sales call and they're going to be like, bro, I'm just going to use the front-end offer for now. Whereas a milestone offer, it's very clear that, hey, this $17 product gets you to this milestone. We didn't say it's going to get you the full way, it's just going to get you this milestone. It makes them happy, they're happy for that milestone. It's a milestone they want, but if they want to go further, if they want to get further past that, then they're going to have to join and work with us one-on-one, right? In high-ticket coaching. So, that is the best one by far, one right here. Now, the other one is tools and templates. This is best for B2B or saturated markets with solution-aware audiences. Say if you're working with our coaches or consultants or B2B, they don't necessarily want another course, they want tactics, tools, and templates they can plug in right away. If you're an agency, this would be for you. These crush for agency owners. The next one is a 1-hour fast start masterclass. This is best for you teaching a new model or methodology. So, we did this for Agency Behind the Scenes for Jeff Miller. This is an offer we did that crushed a couple hundred thousand recurring revenue on the back end. We did that for him, it was just a Google Doc and a masterclass. We did this also for High-Ticket Accounting, you can go check out that offer as well, too. These are all 1-hour fast start masterclasses. So, it's really just 1-hour video with a Google Doc like this. I can literally make this a 1-hour fast start if I did it for an hour. And we would just sell that. So, that one works super well. Again, it's really good if you're teaching a new model or methodology, so zero to one. Now, the next thing is a paid case study. Now, this works good for any market, especially when you want to make claims or not really make claims. FTC probably won't come. But, no, if you want to like talk about numbers, I obviously can't imply they're going to get it. Instead of going out there and being like, here's how you're going to do it, you can just be like, see how I did it. Not that you're going to get this, but just see how I did it. And so, someone who really go to paid case studies is Frank Kern. If you ever followed Frank Kern, a bunch of you young broccoli-headed info operators from which I am a broccoli-headed marketer, so I can say that. A lot of you guys probably only know Frank Kern from those the OG days cuz you're new to the game, but look him up. He would sell case studies, he'd do something well once, and he'd sell a course teaching how to do that thing even though if you just did it there once and it ripped. People love case studies. So, if you can sell a case study in your market, definitely do it, it's a great one. And the next one is a low-ticket done-for-you. This is best for B2B or service providers. It's the last one I'd recommend, it's hard to pull off and hard to convert on cold traffic. I did one for myself here, even on cold traffic converted at 1%, it made more sense to sell something else. So, it's definitely not my favorite one to go with, but it's definitely a good one if you can pull it off. So, again, if you want to default to one, I would pick the evergreen challenge. Now, commandment number three is thou shall price and structure thy front-end for maximum liquidation. Now, front-end offer sweet spot for pricing is around $17 to $27. My prediction is in a few years we're going to have to go down the price barrel and get impulse buys at like $1 to $4 and increase in 10 on the back end. But, for now, $17 to $20 is the sweet spot, I wouldn't go past it and I wouldn't go under it. Now, for a low-ticket call funnel, like I've talked about in my other videos, we just do a front-end offer which is a sales page, order form, right to book a call after that. That's it. We don't do an upsell which would be another page where you do a one-click upsell, but we do order bumps which are those little checkboxes when you go on to the next step. And so, like if you were to go here clientsforfree.com, you go to one of these offers, right? This is a sales page, this is the front-end offer. We go to step number two. Here there's order bumps, these are the order bumps. We do two to three of these, then we take them over to the next phase which is a book a call, all right? And so, for this offer, when you start off, just front-end and order bumps. You can add upsells later on, but to start we want to figure out and prove, can we take someone from a $17 product and get them to a $5,000 plus back-end offer? Once we have the numbers and KPIs there, then we can add friction in between, help our AOV go up, and then optimize it from there. But, to start, $17 front-end, three order bumps, book a call. Stick to that. Do not break that road map. I swear, if you break that road map, then don't come back to me and say it didn't work. Just stick to that. Trust me, I've done this for hundreds of offers, then we can add the upsells later on. Sound good? Perfect. All righty, order bumps, you can see the pricing here, what they could be. The bump rules, all right? Number one, they need to help them get a result faster. Speed is the best thing for bumps. Swipes, tools, templates, checklists. Removes creative thinking. If you taught them to creatively think for themselves, a course, masterclass on the front end, then what you want to do is sell them tools, templates, checklists to go with it. We did that with High-Ticket Accounting Masterclass. You go to here if you were to opt in and go to the next step, you can see we did a worksheet on how to package your offer and then the sales script. It all goes along with the front-end offer. And so, that's what we like to do there. Now, you got to make sure your bumps complement your front-end offer and don't replace it. And then on top of that, also just default to tools and templates, AI prompts, and AI things you can just code in. Like you literally just like go into Claude or Manas, make an AI tool that goes with it that helps one step the process, say it's AI called a dashboard, and it will absolutely cook. So, if you want to do something like that, that works super well. Now, the goal is to have a $50 AOV with front-ends and bumps. Then you want to aim for a 40% bump take rate. Again, if you want more of these notes, if you want this document just so you have it, just take a screenshot of this YouTube video, go ahead and put it on X, tag me so I can see it, and I'll send this over to you. Now, commandment number four, thou shall build a three-step funnel. We talked about this. The structure that works right now is front-end, sales page, order bump, book a call. That's it, all right? I'll try to pull this up here so I can show you guys. I did do a entire course breaking down how to do a low-ticket call funnel and the different steps so you can see that. But, that's how we do it, just front-end, we go to the bumps, and then we go to book a call. I'll just zoom in here so you can see. Again, this is what it looks like, all right? We have the front-end sales page, we have the order form, and then book a call, we do a Zoom call, then we do email, Zoom, and all these other things which we'll talk about later. Again, if you want this Figma board, the whole free course, that is on my YouTube channel, it's like 40 minutes long, go check it out, all right? Commandment number five, thou shall frame the book a call upsell with AARC arc framework. This is how we do this for all of our upsells. After they buy your product, how do we make them want the back end? They just bought the low ticket, why would they want to book a call for the back end? Very simple. What you want to do is the AARC. Affirm the purchase, agitate the problem, reveal the solution to that problem, and close with the clear CTA to book a call. If you want to see, I a video on my YouTube channel info upsell masterclass. I spoke in front of Russell Brunson at Russell Brunson's event for offer lab that I got invited to in Boise in person and I shared it. It's a 17-minute long video going through this in depth, but we always make sure to follow this for our book a call upsell. Affirm the purchase, congrats you just bought this. It's awesome. It's amazing. Agitate the execution gap. Hey, here's the gap to get to the next thing or get to the next outcome. And then we say, "Hey, we reveal the solution which is the high ticket offer." And then we close with a clear CTA. All right? That simple. Again, I have a deeper video going into that which you guys can check out. Commandment number six, thou shalt launch ads with direct messaging. Now, when it comes to ads, it's not like a VSL, it's like click here to learn more or click here to check this out. We say there's a price, we mention the price, we show the price. Our statics say discounts. Sometimes we don't even say the price, but we say like, "Hey, there's a discount. There's 80% off, 50% off, whatever it is." So people are clicking and know they're going into a purchasing decision. If they go to your page and they freaking get there and they thought it was a free webinar, free training, they see a freaking price point. Sorry, I'm saying freak a ton, my bad. If you get to that page and they see there's a price point, they're going to bounce. So if you have a high click through rate that's over 3%, if it's 4 or 6% and then your front end conversion page opt-in rate is below 6% or even that low and their bouncing off the page, your Clarity Heatmap tracker showing that, that just means that they didn't know they were going into a purchase decision. You got curiosity clicks and you need to fix your ads, okay? So that's why it's important to have direct messaging in your ads. Now, commandment number seven is thou shalt build an email ascension system. Now, there's three sequences we run. Sequence number one is welcome and onboarding. Day one, affirm the purchase, how to access product, what to do first. Day two through seven, daily motivation to use a product with soft CTAs to book a call. And the goal is to get them into the product and build a relationship and the tone is helpful, not salesy. Sequence number two is every single week we promote a webinar. So I do a webinar. We're actually doing one today. Right now, 80% of our pitches are coming from people who attend the webinar. And so every single week we do a webinar which I have a video or I'll do another deeper video on it if you go to my livestream section. I talk about how to do that. So again, I know a lot of plugs for videos on my channel. There it has all my information for you to check it out. But we do a webinar and it's very simple. We'll just go in and we'll say, "Hey, welcome." And answer questions. We make a pitch at the end. So it's pretty much like a live Q&amp;A with the owner. But we promote this. Everyone on the list gets a webinar promo. And then after that, if that doesn't happen, we just do ongoing broadcasts like we'd do for your normal funnel. Get them in the book a call. We do CTAs with email, case studies, social proof, motivation, and objection handling. Now, commandment number eight is thou shalt host a weekly fast track call on Zoom like I said. This is powerful tool. We have a 50% of attendees book a call. They're super warmed up and they love it. And so again, very simple introduction, engagement. We get them to comment, onboarding. We get them into the product. We create an open loop to stay until the end. We do a training for 12 minutes. We do a CTA to book a call and then we do a Q&amp;A for the remaining time. That's it. You can do this. You got it. I do this right now for our offers and absolutely rips, all right? It's amazing. Commandment number nine, thou shalt deploy outbound setters membership CTAs. So you want to call and text every buyer within 20 minutes to a few hours of purchase. Frame it as a customer service onboarding, not sales. If they engage and then they don't want to book a call, then we push them to the webinar. Inside the membership area, every video module we embed a link to the VSL which is hosted in the membership. So we don't take them off the membership area, we just link to the membership video which is a VSL for them to book a call. And so we definitely do that and then just have it everywhere in the video CTAs to do it. And then the last commandment, commandment number 10 is thou shalt validate, optimize, then scale with discipline. So phase one of a low ticket offer is validate the front end, get it to 10 to 15 front end buyers a day, get it within KPI. Once you're at that, optimize for the back end conversion, right? So once we have this coming in, then we want to optimize to the back end. So we want to get 1 to 3% of our buyers to close in the high ticket within a 30-day window. And then phase number three is we scale the front end. Now that we know that we can ascend cuz we want to know people are buying the offer, then we want to know they're sending on the back end and then we can push spend on the front end, okay? And so I have some of the metrics here. Again, if you want this document, you can go and take a screenshot of this, tag me at Axe, I'll send it over to you. Just let people know about this free video, this amazing document. And those are the 10 commandments to live by and follow if you are trying to a low ticket call funnel. Now again, if you guys haven't, make sure to go watch the free course that I hosted on YouTube. It's [music] 40 minutes long going through how to build a low ticket call funnel. And this is the single best way if you want to get clients practically free or if you want to launch a cold friendly offer for one of your clients or for yourself, you need a low ticket call funnel. I'm not even lying, the amount of brands and info companies that you look up to, that you study, that are in the masterminds that you're a part of, that are coming to us desperately wanting a cold friendly low ticket call funnel is insane. They know the math, they see it. Ryan Cloak used it, they talk about it. Jeremy Miner, some of the top people in Jeremy Haynes' mastermind again, we work with. They're using these. You need these. If you want to be able to scale into cold traffic, you need a funnel like this. It is the best reinvestment model that you can have. The math always wins. It's not a preference or a bias of, "Oh, I really like webinars or like this." The math wins. It always makes sense. [music] So again, if you wanted this, watch free videos. They're all here. And again, if you're interested in having us build one for you, if you want us to put $50,000 a month in our own money towards your own offer to run into your market and just get a percentage or deal, we send you. Go to ascensionoffer.com and apply and check that out. And obviously, if you want a consulting call where I can build it out for you, I also have that available, too. But in the meantime, check out the free videos on my channel and I will see you guys [music] on the next one.


╔══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╗
║  FONTE: 5 Reasons Why Your Low-Ticket Call Funnel Isn’t Working [V0n5H3SbJi0].en.txt
║  VÍDEO: 5 Reasons Why Your Low Ticket Call Funnel Isn’T Working [V0N5H3Sbji0].En
║  ADICIONADO EM: 04/08/2026
╚══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╝

And what do you think most people get hung up on when trying to launch one of these? What what holds them back from having success? Giving away too much on the front end because you just confuse your buyers. No one will purchase it. Needs to be a quick, easy to understand, quick win, dumb down milestone offer. It's like biggest thing they freak out. Second thing, focusing on front-end rorowaz versus ascension and fullfunnel profit. Usually, majority, I'd say like 80% of like low ticket offers that I see have turned off or you know, I've taken like almost like 800 of these calls now. And if they've done a low ticket before and they come on, they're like, "Yeah, we tried it before and why is it off? Like what happened?" It's like, "Well, like yeah, our profit on the front end like we were only like we weren't liquidating full thing." And I was like, "Wait." But it's like I was like I even talked to they had launched one then they they turned it off and they looked back on the stats. I was on a call with him and it was like 11x rows like crazy full funnel and they're like why do we turn this off and it's like yeah you're just focused on like the front end. So majority of people get hung up on that and then they turn off way too soon. Um and then what else I'd say? I think the product they focus on like the content within it versus just making a good first impression because if we already know like majority like I don't know if maybe you've seen this like you're high to get offers like do you have people that like pay and still won't do anything with it. Yeah. Looks so normal, right? So like imagine a $17 buyer, right? So my my focus now is like yes, make sure the product gets the outcome you're promising on the front end because you can't lie. You have to be ethical, but I'm not like I'm just going to make sure it just gets that done. And then everything else around it is all first impressions. So like your members area is just first impression. It's just a good impression. How is like logging into the product? Do they feel like wow like this looks really good or man they gave me a lot for just this much. Even if they don't do anything, I just want to like create the perception of like this is professional, this is high quality, this has a lot of access. They just want to get that dopamine hit. They log in, they feel like they have everything they need, they bookmark it on their bar, and then they're done. Like, probably not going to come back to it. That's fine. Like, as long as they log in, they don't feel like, "Bro, this dude just threw a couple Google Docs together and like there's nothing else in here. There's like four videos, then you're chilling." Like I think most people get hung up on like the actual content in the videos versus like the perception, the branding, how it's laid out, expanding like even if it's very simple, just like extrapolating, making it look bigger than it really is to just create that good first impression like a good onboarding sequence. Having test like customer testimonials in the members area, you know, having um you know, free gifts that were not included on the front end where it's like, "Hey, by the way, include stuff like this." like that's where the perception game how far we're going with it. And then also like realizing that if most people don't actually go like use it and the few who do go through won't watch everything then the prime real estate is like the welcome like the onboarding videos. So like our onboarding videos like we welcome hey what's up you got in here awesome so excited it's going to be great. We remove buyers remorse. Second video we're then going through our like navigating through it. So, here's how you navigate everything so that they're not like, "Hi, I can't find all my bonuses." Like, "Here you go." So, we remove that. And the next video is like our philosophy. So, we knock everybody else and we say, "We're the best." And we back it up with truth. So, we're indoctrinating them, sharing our propaganda. And then after that, we then, you know, show results for like how good we are. So, here's our client's results, here's like case studies, here's interviews, whatever. And then right after that, we have a direct view. Hey, if you want to speed things up, book your call. So before we ever get to the education, we're almost treating like a mini webinar, like a challenge where it's like chopped up, hitting on all these things to get them to book a call and come through it. So I feel like most people forget that and they like they miss out on like the prime real estate which is like the first five videos. Uh another thing too, accountabil like uh your post-purchase emails. It's like, hey, confirmation you got in. Great. Log in. Then the next day, like you start saying like, day one, do this. Day two, like almost like a seven-day fast start. Chop it up them. Hey, remind them to go into it. Have a soft PS. If you want to schedule your call to get this and this, you can do that and like push them into the members area. But then after that, you can move them over to your daily broadcasts or like the events or like the 1 hour fast start, you know, post purchase. That also helps. with consumption a bit. Then another thing too that has a lot of lift is um like the organic socials of the expert of the offer like the offers you guys are running like the like is there organic status at all? No, just like backend just communities in pub. Uh hold on. It was we don't do any organic. Was that the question? No, there's no guru. There's no social clout right now. I mean, we, you know, we do Instagram shoutouts on I'm the face of the offer. So, you know, we have like 840,000 followers on on Instagram, but it's all from shout outs. It's not there's even though like we push so on our thank you page, we'll have them DM us a word to like a gift to like get them to see our gurus, how many followers they have. Yeah. Like their highlights, all the testimonials, and then then people are like, "Yo, this is like someone who's legit." And so we just try we flex that a bit like we try to how many YouTube subscribers they have and stuff like that. Like personal brand like undoubtedly still carries a lot of social sway. So that's another thing we're we're we're always engineering into it but it's a little thing. Mhm.


╔══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╗
║  FONTE: 5-Hours Of Roasting People's Info Product Funnels w⧸t @RyanClogg [qoXqNkgr1q0].en.txt
║  VÍDEO: 5 Hours Of Roasting People'S Info Product Funnels W⧸T @Ryanclogg [Qoxqnkgr1Q0].En
║  ADICIONADO EM: 04/08/2026
╚══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╝

All right, guys. I have five hours and 26 minutes of the best content around low ticket ascension offers for high ticket info businesses. And as you can see here, five hours. And this is a compilation of the interviews and videos that I've done on Ryan Clog's channel where we roasted people's funnels, gave feedback on people's funnels, uh, and just answered people's questions. And it's crazy because Ryan and I receive DMs almost every single month from people who have watched these series, taken our advice, and actually gotten results. And we get tagged on X all the time. Uh, and it's amazing to see. So, I thought, hey, why not take all the best moments, put it into one video on my channel so you guys can sit and watch it while you're working out or in the car or just in the background so you can level up your low ticket ascension offers in 2025 going into 2026. So, if you guys like this, make sure to leave a comment uh letting me know what you like to see next. Uh make sure to like this and go check out Ryan on all of his platforms as well. And actually might be working on a free challenge and training to help you guys launch your very first low ticket to get ascension offer. So, I'm trying to put that together, put that out on the channel so that it's just there and free for everybody. But that being said, let's dive into it. Enjoy the video. What's up, guys? Today we are back episode 89 in a row. We've got Josh Gavin who's returning onto here and we're going to do something fun today. We're going to do some live funnel reviews. So he queued up some of his followers and had them send in some funnels and submit them. I had a couple on a tweet or expost or whatever you call it nowadays and we're going to go through it. So Josh, you want to share first? You want me to share? How do you want to play? Let's pull up yours. We had a guy who shared a funnel. Um I think it was in the photography niche. We'll pull him up. Uh dropped his link. So obviously one thing I'll say is we tried to ask for as much data as possible because obviously finance like the numbers are everything and so luckily we have some stats on this one. Some of these other ones have some stats so we're going to make our best guess. But uh either way we're going to beble to give some ideas for potential future split tests and changes that could have some major lifts at scale. So let's uh let's check this one out though. All right. Right. So, this guy sent his full sales page upsell one, two, and three, which I assume are where? Right here. Yeah. Um, dang, he's got so many pages. Yeah. I mean, okay. So, yeah. Purchase to complete. I'm sure that's something else. I don't know. All right. So, 2.78% conversion on cold traffic. Constraint is he can't get his AOV up because he's at $65 AOV. Step ups the CPA. He said retargeting CPA is 27 to 42, which I don't know why that matters, but CPA for cold is 70 to 110 first or last click depending. I don't know why that's okay. And they sent me the ad library. We offer photography coaching subscription. Okay, so you might be fine, brother. Uh, if you have a subscription, your LTV might literally be so it doesn't matter about your I mean not not gonna say it doesn't matter, but 2K ascension on the back and 7.5K ascension on the back need a different. Yeah. So, does he have his front what does he liquidate on the front end? Does he share anywhere? I mean, he said right here. I mean, if it's if it's AOV 65 spending and it's costing him basically that 70 to 110 like he's already crushing. Yeah. Okay. So this is a classic uh people get sold the idea from gurus of you get liquidation and spend $1, get one back and it's like yeah there was a time I remember those days and there's some people who still have that. I mean the guy who funnel you know who you're wearing a shirt right now but there's a liquidating amazing and so uh that but that's like rare you know it's rare in some markets but you can do it but I mean I was talking you know me and Blake were chatting about how uh freaking Jeremy miners offer and like what that liquidation was at liquidating like.3.4 and doing 2 million plus a month. So uh don't worry too much about 3.4 four was it you said.3 point4 that's why if I'm remembering it right yeah yeah at his event just for some more sauce he says 50% needs to be above 50% so in this case if you're doing your math and it's you're making 65 you're basically you have to keep your CPA under you know double that right is the simple math that uses and that includes backend stuff which it sounds like you have so I just I don't know if you don't know your numbers on what your LTV is on the subscription uh where the subscription I assume this is where your subscription sits. So if you people coming in at the subscription number I think the subscription stuff the monarch is it the where's the front end in the subscription I don't see here no idea master class one time one time master class I don't know where the subscription says subscription I think is O02 I don't know I click on the OTO2 link that way [laughter] yeah uh today no 197 okay all right so what's your stack Right now we got 471 197. Okay, that that OV is not good then. Uh and then $47. Is this downell or is this another upsell to O02? And this one is 67. All right. So it just seems like you got this kind of all out of whack. Oh, and now all of a sudden I got No, I just got hit with the thank you after I Yeah. Where the freak is your subscription, bro? And then you're hitting them into a Kajjabi, which is not really I don't know what just happened. I don't know. All right. So, we got 47 Otto. We got I'm sorry, $47 uh initial offer. We got 197 Oto1, which everyone is going to see. And then what happens if I say no? Same as this. Hold up. Downell 97. All right. And then ad library. He's running two ads. So that solves a lot of questions, too. In the nicest way possible. All right. So from the top down ads, you need to be testing so many more ads than this. That alone is going to get your CPA down. And you're saying you're trying to have a solve for AOV. And I don't know that that is your problem. Um, it is def it is definitely something you can lift. So, quick thing on this uh one having this as and Josh is gonna know this better than me and since why I brought the sensei on here. Um, but this I would make two pages not one. Uh, you don't have So, you have an order bump on here. Are people even taking it? Yeah, he didn't show us his order bump stats which is I'm wondering about. He didn't drop it down but Can you tell that? towards the uh No, you just have to drop it down to see 687. Oh, yeah. I guess you can 212 $55. So, you're getting some take rate. I'm not doing the math on that, but you have some take rate on this. [laughter] You know, uh 55 bucks, whatever the math is. 55 by 47, whatever the lift. Okay. So, uh first things first, yeah, you could probably squeeze this by having a two-step, whether it's on one page or on two pages. And the numbers a lot of people will say is for this one step which right here you have a 2%. You would have one before this and then one after this. So you're collecting their name and their email, maybe their phone if you're actually utilizing phone. If you're not, don't do it. And then do name email to have them start the process. They click next and they actually go to the order form. So you want whatever what's the numbers nowadays? 8 to 10% on the on OT on uh main sales page. Main sales. Yeah. Like people land on the sales page to buy. I'd say 8%'s good now. So 8% on step one, then when they go to the order form, and then you want 50. Oh, sorry, that's blended. My bad. Blended. So I look at I don't even look at the in between until I see my blended. So I just look at from land on the front end to order with a two-step page. Are we at 8%. If not, then I go and I see, okay, what is my optin at? What is my order format? And that's why I see the drop off. Interesting. So you have a blended 8%. Yeah. Like that's why I normally when I'm doing my math, that's how I usually look at it. Yeah, we're lower than that. Um Okay. So, yeah, I mean I mean we've tested ones and whatever. So, 12 15%. Yeah, I think it's better just look at blended is easier like if especially if he's not spending too much on like there's not a ton of scale on this yet on ads wise. So, just look at your blended for now and as you start driving more volume then by blended again I mean number you're already doing it. His blended is 2%. He's just looking at people on his page people that buy. But if you go to twostep, if people running two-step, just blended opt-ins and orders, just how many people are converting from the front end and buying that product, 8%'s really good. Um, that's like really good. It used to be like 12%, but now I just look at 8% as it's usually the highest I see it go. Uh, and then you look at the drop off. So, if you're not at 8% as blended, then you can see, okay, where's my optin at? Where's my order format? Like, are people dropping off before they even get to the order form or are they dropping off at the order form? And then that's how you can start making better tip like ideas for how to CRO those pages. Yeah. So from the top down ads, you need way more ads. Um way more. Also those ads look like they're written by AI. Um yeah, the ads created emojis. Like no offense, but yeah. No, a little not offense, but yeah. So 80% off plus 10 free bonuses. Okay. Like no one really knows directly what this is. Um but okay. So you're getting here. So on your stats on this, Josh is telling you to 4x your throughput. Uh I'm saying split it into two to get your 4x throughput. So you can see your drop off rate, which he was talking about. So make sure that you can start collecting because then you also have an op by flow that you can run. So you can run automations that are going to go to people that started the process but didn't complete it. That's the that's like the main point of that is the micro commitment of someone doing name, email, starting the process and you get that win and then you also get the data play people. So, in Josh's numbers, you're going to have 15%, let's say, that complete from sales page to order form and then you're going to have 50% that are going to complete the order form. And that's your blended number of seven and a half, 8%, whatever. So, on that, that's that's step one on this. Sorry, go ahead. Oh, sorry. Do you want I was going to say something about the upsell, but I want to if we're can look at this page up top down. Yeah. This many more of this. This a lot of love. This needs a lot. I mean, that's that. So, no. Okay. So ugly things and let's call this ugly but like simple or whatever not crazy beautiful design work a lot of the time and a lot of time they work more so the very extreme example because it's easier to understand is if you had the ugliest page in the world where the buttons didn't even work but you had the best offer possible and all you had was your address on there people would be mailing you people would be calling you trying to buy your [ __ ] So your page how beautiful it is how well it works how whatever is not as important as what you're actually offering. you have the best offer in the world. Doesn't matter on the tech. With that being said, you still want your tech to be as good as possible. The design, all that kind of stuff. This is not optimized at all. I know what your viewers are, but like whereas look at this like Yeah. So, um, yeah. So, what I do here is go back to the top. So, just looking at this um like practical things that you can change. Again, these are little you're not you're One thing I'll add into you're it's not terrible. Again, you're complaining about your AOV and stuff. It's not terrible if you kept doing what you're doing. Okay, if you did really good on the back end, you'd make your money back. But again, I think the biggest lift, really good ads will just help a ton on the conversions on the front end. But then going to this page here, this trusted uh photographer like stars and stuff, I be put by the header like the black part there like at the top uh with a save there like have those proof indications uh there. Then to see how it works and get instant access. Are those two buttons like what the freak are those? Is that a headline or is Wait, click the Okay. What's it says? Yanks it straight to the order form on the bottom. Yeah. See, so it's like what the freak? So you're taking to remove that. Either go right to the order form or don't. Um but it'll go to the two-step there. So go back to the top again. So remove that. You're confusing people. Uh they're clicking on these random buttons. I can't tell what it is. And then the VSSL is like hidden further down. So you're not clicking play on that. So your clickthrough rate is probably pretty trash. So that needs to be way higher up. So, like where your proof is and where these buttons are, that's where your VSSL should be. Um, and also you have a button on scrolling down. You see the button right there? Claim special offer. It sticks to the page. So, you don't even need the buttons up top. So, that's just too many. It's all over the place. Um, not mobile friendly. It's taking up too much space on the page. Even if it is sticky, understand kind of what you got going on here, but like you have a CTA already on screen. So, have this one doesn't make sense. And this will like you want. And then and then what happens is you go into it. So, let's go here. Let's think about the psychology of this. Scroll up a little more. So they see you made this claim, this offer. Here's how it works. The exact blueprint and then you hit stack. So you're just hitting a stack right here. What makes this different? Why do I need it? Who is it for? Like we didn't answer any of these questions. So on a low ticket funnel, that first section, I'm trying to explain what is this product? What is this product? Who is this product? What makes it different? Who is it for? What can you expect from it? Those are the the four things we're trying to hit. and as little copy as possible in the simplest dumb down version. So you didn't hit that. So you're this is not at all how it works. Yeah. So you're asking someone to buy and they know dude in all these creative bundles and templates bro there's so many of these out here. So in your market you really have to make it clear like why is it pro? Like what makes it better? What makes your like there's so many questions. So again saying this all with love and yeah I know it's whatever but you'll take it well. You're a marketer. You it's not the first time someone's roasted your funnels. Okay. featured in that could be higher up uh on the funnel. So you drag that further up under proof under the VSSL. So you have all these great feature things and like dude this could rip with this is truly the status you have. Then this can crush just little tweaks like that would be great. And then obviously me scrolling a little more. Let me see if there's anything more egregious. I don't know. I don't like dark backgrounds. So I would try not to do dark background. I would try to have a different I love dark though. Just saying. But I know it's it's fine. People are it's whatever. Vault secrets. So you have you're just it's kind of just confusing. You're like, "Oh, you have this." So nowhere told me what makes this different, why it's good, why it's so amazing. I'm sure it's in your VSSL. So maybe you just need to pull some copy from your VSSL and put it in this. Are you not happy with your landscape or cityscapes you spent, bro? You need this energy in this page. [laughter] Yeah. You have all the copy. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Seriously, this time you spend all this time in all and you also already have your featured in right here. You just don't say that it's featured in and then you redo it down here which is not Yeah. Little tweaks you make here and there. Yeah. But this Yeah, you just need better. You need to take somebody's Here's a fun one. Show them freaking Show them the blackbook funnel. No. Uh and no. Uh but you need to take Yeah, exactly. You need to take a funnel page like that. You need to literally I can find another one. You need to command A, command C, drop in the chat GBT, and command V and literally say, "Now build this around my offer. Ask me a million questions on what you need to know in order to structure this in this format. Give them the VSSL transcript. Do everything to chat GBT." and literally just model it around something like that as V1 of this if you're not going to pay someone to do it cuz either you pay someone to do this or you know how to do this but I don't not in a rude way but I don't know that you know how to do this in the right like I don't either personally let's be very clear here I'm not the person who's going to do this in the cleanest way. Can I click on this? Yeah, it's so this is just an example of a super stupid Dude, your links don't work on my internet at all. Uh it's probably Click I think Clickones 2.0 get flagged super easy on Wi-Fi. It's by your W. That's what happens on me, too. Yeah. Uh, I'll send a preview link, but there's this really simple front end page that ripped for a a $47 product. Uh, I'll try to send another link. Let's see if this works. If not, I'll try to leave in the comments. You guys are watching say Josh or just look up this link. Just look offpublisher.comcontract. It's a duplicate so that you guys don't use my original link of a funnel template. Works super well. I can share my screen here. Let me share my screen. What are we What are we doing? Look at us. Okay. So, really fast and then we'll go on to the next one here or I'll talk upsells on his page. But, uh, so what it here, so it's just headline. Can you see? All right. Yep. We didn't use VSSL. This is for a Google Docs, like a contract template, $47. Uh, we're converting at 5% of people landed on this page. And so, what we did is here's the copy. So, what you're missing is this, like the explanation of the problem, introducing the problem, what it does for them, what it makes it different. And so I just hit on painoint. So I made them problem aware. Uh and then I went into the product right away. So really short, really fast, fast on what it does. Click here to download. Then comparison. So you should have a comparison. So without your LUTs or your templates with it. So you have a comparison here. Uh and honestly, I probably would have made this green instead of blue. And then here's everything you get today. So now you can introduce your stack. My stack is so basic. Look how ugly this was. Just stupid little stars. Here's what you get. And then I had you get a bonus here. So this where you have like what's up? This was hitting your metrics. Yeah, dude. I mean I was at 5% $47 front end product and we had upsells and then we had back end. So we were fine. We were profitable on the front end. It's nice. Um cold traffic. No face. It there was a face on the back end. So it was technically a faceless offer. The we did add an like the one thing is we add an about you section. So about the creator. We had like the the person on there too. But uh then we had frequently asked questions and then you just put your testimonials. So again, this is just like a template um of a shorter version. So even something like that would probably do really well for your product because it at least brings it like problem, solution, whatever. So just wanted to share that quick so people have an example of what it looks like in a finished product. Um his upsell take rate is atrocious. Like yes, I mean yeah, let me go back. What was it 2%? Do you have two people that took it? You want to share your screen? Uh yeah, I was clicking around so now I'm lost but here we go. Um this is the atrocious numbers like ohund okay easiest thing you could do is just gate it. So easiest lift on an upsell is go to a gated VSSL meaning they get on the page and it says hey thanks welcome you just purchased it. Watch this quick video while we create your account. The video is a VSSL and then there's a timer saying your accountant details on lock in and there's a timer and then in that VSSL you introduce a new product because it gives you enough time to explain to them why upsell one makes sense. A lot of times people just say you just purchase the front end and boom there's a product right away and it's like freak dude like what did I just buy? Why doesn't it make sense? And especially for your market uh it may help because you're it looks like you're selling more of the same stuff or more templates, more L packs, whatever. And so you kind of have to it might be good to have that gated VSSL to explain what this product is and what makes it better. And so that alone will help with the lift because right now people are clicking off your page. Like you had 200 how many people purchase the front. Was it 212 or is that including the order bump? I forgot what 1.0 does. It's using 147 in my 147 reached it. Some people might be clicking off before then or Clickfunnels 1.0 some doesn't track it. So I can't really trust it. But right now a lot of people are just clicking off or hitting no. They're not hitting no thanks. Like look at the next page. 3% is your quick number and like that's that's that's no what's a good what's a let's just use some what are% 20% on this. And what about that jump? That's a what 4x jump 47 to 200. Yeah that's fine. That's totally fine. I I do I've done 11 $1160 to $200 jump at 20%. So, I've done 997 upsell too because this is this page right here is how they're currently hitting. So, it says, "Hold up, hot shot. Your order is not yet complete." However many of this 77% of people who see this offer say yes. Pretty sure that's illegal, brother. Uh, when 3%, but that's not my I think 2%. Um, instantly. We're not [ __ ] We're being kind. Uh, I'm sorry. So, then this doesn't countdown expiration. Wait, why does this say 97 now? Did this because I said no to it, I think. Yeah. Ah, yeah. So, I said no to it and we're actually not [ __ ] on you. I promise. This is actually Yeah, sorry. I know. We kind We're having fun. Ryan and I just like to laugh and joke around. This is not you. Um, yeah. So, the initial one is 197. It's just not enough for one night. If you made that a lower price, like m if you dropped that to if it was a $97 product, maybe you get away with the bulletin. Oh, this is it. Okay. So then it drops into this section. Sky. Oh, you should have a lot of these little Otto's. So like you're picking up Yeah. It's a supplement offer. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You're picking up a lot. Or not a lot, but you're picking up like Interesting. Okay. Yeah. So this needs So starting from the top again, more ads. This piece needs I would split this into two so you get a better uh take on this. Uh I would then you know do everything that Josh is saying both on the technical framing standpoint but the pricing is fine. The offer itself might need some love. Yeah need like what is this different? What like what it doesn't make sense really what it is. I'm sure it's in the VSSL. The funny thing is it's probably in the VSSL. You just need to gate it. Gate the VSSL and then drop the pop down or write it out. Like keep you can literally keep all the same. Just gate it so it doesn't appear until 8 minutes in or seven minutes into the video. just try that first. It looks like what you're doing is basically you're taking all of them. You're you're creating what you're trying to do is say here's your ultimate shortcut. Here's everything in one and I'm going to give you the sky vault. I'm going to give you the fog. I'm going to give you the flare, the rays. I thought the front end was the ultimate. Why do they need the ultimate thing though? I thought, you know, so you kind of have to explain framing through this is because this one is teaching them Adobe Creative Cloud bundle which I also would I don't understand the difference but I'm not in the market. Yeah. This one you're getting camera techniques blueprint. So this is all about shooting ah and editing and that's how to edit which doesn't really make sense for Adobe Creative Cloud bundle if that's the name of it because that's editing. Yeah, Creative Cloud Master Class. You're teaching them how to edit but then your framing is teaching them how to shoot which is different. I understand the value of where you're going is like you got to shoot it and why the settings and all this kind of stuff first. Then once you solve that it's like oh here's how you edit them. Amazing. Even if you do [ __ ] up the shooting and do whatever else templates do it faster and then you're saying when someone says no, you're pushing them to the just one of these, the sky vault, I'm pretty sure. But you talk having the sky vault and everything included in here. Where is your vault and all your secrets? Yeah, there's a lot of confusion. He's got to simplify it. Yeah. Vault bonus the vault secret vault secret. Like you're already including that. True. That's why these take rates aren't in here is the flow doesn't make enough sense where their brains at. Literally like what you need to sit down is you need to go into notes and you need to type out front end order bump upsell one upsell two and you need to be super clear one sentence the outcome each thing is getting them and then start from there. Like right now I don't think you know. So it should be like either it's how front end how to shoot order bump you know I don't know what the freak next be a micro objection of that like poses or whatever the freak while you're shooting for the people then upsell one is it how to edit is that what you're teaching them how to edit and then is downell just a discount of the same product like you just need to do how to how to and then you can add in all the bonuses and make it really clear because I feel like some people confuse that or some people here you could do the front end where it's like teaching a model so here's how to do everything and then the upsells are here's how to do steps in the everything faster. So those are like the two different ways you can do it with there's actually three ways the lowest get offer. There's models which teach them the whole model. There's milestones. So milestone be get your first client or your first photography gig or you know whatever your first portfolio book and then there's tools. So that tools would be lots templates whatever. So you can mix it up on the front end there. But I think I think that's good for this. That's a lot for him to work on. That that's a like Yeah. And I'm still confused on where this recurring is because your math actually might be crushing if somehow you're doing a photography coaching the same price recurring because if you have oops if you have x amount of time that you know already data on this that the average person stays for three or four or five months. If it's you know four months you're making $200 on them and it's costing you $100. Like don't get me wrong that's not great but you're not losing money. Um and the real goal I would assume is to ascend them into these. So we're we're going to move on to the next one. The last thing on this is this portion right here, your live workshopping. I mean, if you nail this, then everything else is gravy. So, but the you could build this out to not focus on AOV and confusion and hard to do and whatever. And you could focus it on ascension. That's what we do. I have videos where we talk about this, but instead of on these oo pages, you can book them in with a setter and then have a setter talk to them, qualify them, push them to a closer, and you could sell this $7,500 thing depending on how this targeting is and what quality of people are coming into here. But same thing, it doesn't matter if it's a direct to cart or if it's a over the phone or whatever, the logic and framing of the offers have to make sense. If you're scaling, if you're getting a bunch of people into here to learn how to change their camera settings and have plug-and-play systems, and then over here it's like, "Hey, I'm going to teach you how to shoot and have plug-and-play systems for $7,500 now." Like, that doesn't make sense. They thought they already got that. They already paid for that. So, like, I don't know the natural logical ascension, but assuming that your 7.5K thing offers this, which is a live workshop, so it's an inerson version. Let's say one back, this 2K one, Institute of Photography. I don't know how that's different or how that logically would make sense, but you can sell that then and know that 5% of your people, let's do some math for you. Let's say 5% of your people come through here right now. You're losing, let's call it 40 bucks for easy math. If you have 40 bucks and you have 5% of them ascending, it's going to it's going to cost you $800 to acquire a $2,000 customer and then you pick up another 2x on the back. And if you get this and dial this in, then you're going to be profitable in the front end and have no cost on the back. So you're going to get 2K for every single one of these. So that's the initial play in my mind. Let's move on to these next ones. Um yeah, I can share my screen. All right. I have his ones, too. Oh, sure. Yeah, hit that first, then I mine after. Low code app developer price point 5 to 15 pay ship fat. He's sending it to this 6x rorowaz, but he can't scale his ad budget because he has too many unqualified. First of all, brother, yes, you can scale your ad budget if you have a six. Wait, he's six. He's six. What's gone? What does he means? I think this might just be one of those, hey, high ticket. Look at my stuff and get other people on here. Um, respect game respect game. Um, 6x rorowaz. So, you have too much unqualified and what is this? Any closed widget? Yes. So, uh, this is why you have too many unqualified because you're not asking them anything. You need to qualify them. Also, he's not call Wait, is he calling his ideal app? Like, what do you mean qualify? Speaking to them. I see. I don't know how the ads look and I don't really want to go through ad manager and try and find them, but yeah. Also, he's not speaking to it's like, well, if you want to qualify people, you need to draw them and speak to them or like you're most likely an entrepreneur in mind. You're most likely. So, it's a business. He's trying to target entrepreneurs that want to start a software and he's going to basically teach them either how to do it or do it for them. He's going to do He should have told us what is qualified or not because we can actually point out what's attracting and qualified, but he didn't really say that. Yeah. So, that's all you need to do. That was very simple. First of all, 6X, you're fine. Uh, and you probably have backed in money and recurring stuff. I think he's flexing. Just kidding. I respect it. Honestly, I respected. Yeah. Honestly, that's how you do it on X, dude. Shout out to your winning, bro. Keep crushing it. Keep spend more. What's going on? Like, is your sales team capping you out? is like what's like he's probably ramping because I was talking to Josh Troy yesterday and there's so many other things people don't track and he's talking about how like activity models too like you ramp you're ramping expense you hire more closers but then for the next first 30 to 60 days your new closers and setters are going to perform lower than the other new the current people and it's like there could be so many things so many things he's Josh Troy tracks things so well and that's why yeah shout Josh Troy I'm excited to post that interview all right so this is a threeminute video so that also helps you on you have no consumption that can that can possibly occur. Not to say you need it, but like if you feel like people are not cons are not your ideal client, you have unqualified people and they don't feel like you don't feel like they're warm enough, it's because you have you don't call them out, you don't put it in the VSSL that is 3 minutes long and you have no questions on your booking widget in order to do so. I don't know what this is. Oh, it's cal.com. So, there's other ones like this, but I would I mean, all these are going to offer the same thing. I closed is kind of cool because it makes them answer the questions before so you get the people who drop off who don't end up booking but start the process if you're looking for like a one in allin-one tool that's easier. Um this is yeah you need to just frame this better. Well I don't know what qualify by but like do they over 10k a month or 100k a month or whatever number like ask them that then. And like what is their target size? What is their current client load? if you're trying to build it for in-house software if this is a standalone like I don't know what you're trying to build but this one's pretty easy also you could test you're doing he's kind of doing direct application here but he's not gating it so I don't know you might want to gate it you know speak to your people make sure that people actually watch it they know who it's for they they might just land lay on the page and I believe book they haven't consumed anything they want to get it over with it's like I do the same thing when I go to certain sites or send me information like fill it out I'm going to wait for a call and I forget what I was even on and it's like force it so yeah and and have all your stuff warm. This guy has all these too many unqualified leads. What if it's 6S Roz and it's only like one sale. I know. That's the other thing. What? I don't know how much traffic. I don't know. No idea. I know. And I didn't ask questions. So that's on me. That's all good. Thanks for sharing, brother. Best of luck. Get your VSSL. Do what we said. Let us know how it goes. Drop another thread on this or comment on this so we down to do these again. I I want to start doing these. I just need like I need to standardize what data and maybe you already have it on your form, but like what you collect. Yeah, I um I rush the form, but I have a better one. Like ideally, we'll ask people for the whole funnel and like we can just on my consults I have like a six third I think it's like 35 60 when I do oneoff I have so many questions super long tight forms. So if you really want they can answer a bunch of questions but all right this one's a fun one and then we can drop into your forms. We got 24 minutes. um offer building infrastructure and development of digital robots that test applications autonomously for large B2B companies. Wait, digital robots? Yeah, like AI agents I was saying. Yeah, it's like wait, hey, it's all don't you Hey, you don't need to use mechanism for us. We know what it is. Magnet redirecting to sales page. Oh, shoot, bro. I can't got you got translate. There's an English button. Okay. Oh, interesting. very like just website. Where's the sales page? This is the sales page. Oh, whoa. Oh. Oh gosh. Okay. Um, and then is there English? What is this? And then this is their onboarding ROI calculation. No, these are not then in English. And my little overlay thing is not working. So, yeah. Where's it? Um, it's an orc. I don't know. I don't know. I don't speak this. Is I got that one. [laughter] Maybe just skipped. I don't know. Savings of this. What's number two? Superior. Okay, now I I read that. Trying to [snorts] get to the end. 50%. I want it, dude. So, you can download the report or you can do this, which is what what does it mean? I just circulated. I don't know. This is probably not helpful for anybody for drop us. Let us know in the comment. Yeah, it's not helpful. All right. predicting a AO ob for my business is 80,000 and cost to acquire a customer is 4,000. I spent funnel has been running for 3 weeks and results are low. We only have one booked call. Okay. Uh I know the design and flow could be better. Correct. I'm still testing and trying to understand but though I said how many customers have you acquired at 4K because if you're getting a 20x rorowaz I don't understand the problem and it said three customers were before the funnel and CAC was almost non-existent as it was just word of mouth. Oh, is my benchmark that I'm paying on LinkedIn ads for the funnel stack. Oh, my LinkedIn goblin respect. Oh, nice. Okay. So, yeah. No, you just need to make this more I mean depending on what game or direct respons I guess. I don't know. Exactly. Literally exactly gonna say I was like this is just not like if that's what your goal is is to just like have know your numbers dialed like that. You can do that through a lot of things but direct response if that's what you're trying to do here. ROI calculator is what that is at the end. Uh, I clicked around and like again I don't speak the language in here, but like I don't even see where I can book a call. I just clicked this and it brought me back to this. So like can they even book a call in your calculator? Like look at this. I just continued through continued through. Yes. Where's where do I book my call? Where's my calendar? Yeah. And again, I'm not literally can't speak language, but like what does this one do? That one brings you back to so I can download a report and then do that. But yeah, you want to you just need to position this. I mean I like it, right? He probably custom built this and I bet this works. I bet people run through this and you can see all your stats on this. But yeah, I mean you want to you want to dial that in, but you have a lot of room depending on how much you want to test and burn some cash to test because you have a lot of room. So yeah, I don't have a ton of advice for you. I mean LinkedIn ads if they work cool but LinkedIn ads are just another traffic source. Same as meta, same as partnerships, same just have to expect different based on the warmth and the XYZ. Um, so yeah. So I would respond to this a little bit more and then you ready? Thanks for sharing. Thanks for sharing whoever that was. Thanks for sharing. Thanks for sharing with us. Okay, let me share my right screen. Um, okay. So what do we know about this offer? Not a ton of data. One thing I didn't ask for is a screenshot of their page, but um, right now, wait, which link would I click on? Communication for only $448 spent. So, right away I'm like, not enough money to to tell too much. But we did get um 489 link clicks, so decent. We can guess make some suggestions how to improve it. Cost per result was $23, which I'm assuming that's a your CPA. Um, which is what I asked for. So, uh, but he spent $448 and made back $23.60. Okay, so he Never mind. That's not a CPA. That was how much money he made back. Um, cost per click is super low. Really low. I'm wondering you're you're right away. I mean, let me see your ads. Yeah, I was going to say even running. Super curiositydriven like Okay, here's his here's his copy. So, I guess it's not terrible. Okay, so it's marriage niche. Yep. Yeah. Sorry, I should have shown you. I don't know either. So marriage niche. So it's direct sale which your cost per click I don't know if you're running it to like what the Latin market or freaking like those are really it's really cheap cost per click and these aren't like these are direct offer. So that makes me a little a little more happy because if some people be running ads are super curiosity and there's no like people are just clicking because they think it's like a blog post but this is direct to sale which is great. So, I mean, hey, I'll take that. Um, I wouldn't change much there. It's just your page then. That's freaked up because you can see his CT all is 10%. CPM. So, that's what we know about this. What's the Can you scroll on that page a little bit on his page? This one? Yeah. Yeah. So in here, I already know a few things, but I would say okay, just going down start to finish. I don't This is I know what the template this is from. Shout out to Legend Allen. Great template. It's amazing. Uh this is also a mini AC template, which is a made up of my version of the AC, which is a mini one. So great template. Nothing against it. But the headline, this was like worked really well back then and a lot of people do it. But I wouldn't say like a new book reveals a counterintuitive way to like you spent so much time just teing it up like get to the outcome like get to here like some of my best things like see how I or see how we did this or learn how to do this and get this outcome. Keep it very simple. I would just take out this and at least go to like new way to deepen your connection. And like even just that is better than just all this stuff in between here. So I would change that. Um this is fine. I guess logo I can't read that's tiny things and this new way creating unbreakable bond with your partner has nothing to do with I would just go into without class direct response without therapy. Unrealistic advice is what is the unrealistic advice like where what is what's the advice? Get specific. Therapy is a good one. So you knock that um because that's expensive. It takes a lot of time. What? Think about what are all the other things people hate doing to try to get the outcome and just do without without. Did you get any funnel stats on this? Nope. Well, not funnel stats. We Well, he got one. I think he said he had one purchase. He spent $400 and got one purchase or sorry, not one purchase. He got I don't know what the order bumps were, but he made $23 after spending. So again, like I said at the start, it's not a lot of sub page and go to the thing to the actual buy box or whatever. Oh yeah, let's see what his freaking order bump is. Oh man, this is what we were talking about on the first one is having a two-step like this. Colors are all over the place. You make your color scheme. Okay, so he's got an order bump, which is how much money is this? $15. Why isn't it popping up when I clicked it? Oh, here it is. Okay. $15. So, what did he get? Two. If you got 20, what? Maybe max three sales. Yeah, exactly. So, order. This is good though. Like, you did it right. Like, this is fine. I think your colors make it a little more congruent. Um, bring this up here. Like I bring this up to the top usually. Get into access mockup, then order form, and then the rest of it. Have some testimonials in the bottom here if you want. But again, not a ton of data, dude. We're just giving you like as you scale and improve, these are things you can come back to later. Um, what do you think about that plug your ebook language? What's up? What do you think about the download your ebook is the CTA? Yeah, me too. Don't do that. Again, it's a template starting place and that's why templates evolve on them. So, just say like uh rekindle your marriage or get like whatever today arrows pointing to the right. Yeah. And in that headline like test these, right? Like test this. But like I didn't I didn't know that this was relationship even after looking at it like narrative like communication. I thought it was business that like I took it like when I saw even like the domain I was like is this business and then this needs to be centered on the page. What is the six week? Okay. Too long bro too long. Six weeks. I need it like obviously there's milestones in this six week that you should sell. So, I'm not saying lie and be like get your intimacy back in a week. You can't do that. But is there a milestone in this that's 14 days or 28 days and lead with that. It should be like a protocol. If you go to strategic parenting.com, uh they do the best at this. This is where I get like my idea for like protocols and lifestyle changes. Um they do this thing where all their courses are like 28 day to no yelling parenting challenge. 18-day break your like it's so clear. Like Ryan, when you look at this, it's like what's going to happen in 18 days? Yeah, if you follow it, you're going to freaking break your kids screen addiction. Screaming. Yeah, these are very specific. Who? You know who this is? strategic parenting.com. And yeah, I do. Like you know the actual people and they run all these indiv. Someone published them. I'm pretty sure I know I know people on the team because they've hired big corporate like there's a whole team now, CMOs and it's one of the biggest parenting offers going to say and they run all those individually as direct response. Yeah. Catalog model and have upsells, downells. Yeah. So this should be like a 28 day or 18 day thing. So you need to change that because six week dude you get the page six weeks bro I'm out too long get them in like bring them into the funnel. So the six week communication is a fix like what and then counter to again we're stuck in the template. Got to break free um space this out. This needs to be space in between each of these only a few days left. Not true. That's not compliant. Just say download now and get instant access or rekindle your relationship in 14 days, whatever. Um, only $5. Remove these two zeros with a dot. This needs to be deleted. Just make it five. And then it's fine. Down here where it says for 67, add the dot and the two zeros so it looks bigger. Make remove the two dots here. Remove this arrow. Remove this. It just looks janky on the go high level form. Change this from goes to step two to, you know, download now and get instant access or get rekindle your marriage. Add a refund badge. I tried everything I could. See, I love the [clears throat] template still, right? Like the template stands true. Yeah, but it's like what's in it? It's that's it. Like look at the six week communication the easy way. Study for six weeks. Just kidding. Study six weeks and nah, bro. That's not the easy way. I'm going to a counselor. I'm just going to tell them to tell me what to do. Like your way looks way harder. So this is a lot of your narrative, your framing, your messaging is just off and we need to come back have a protocol 14 days, 28 days to just like rekindling like something like there's milestones in those six weeks. How can you sell them on that first milestone just to get things going? Cuz these people are like dude in their marriage things are going they're bad. They're made on the brink of divorce. They're it's really tough like they're at the wits end. Usually it's people who are buying. So and then also it's like your communication sucks. for someone to buy this, they are having to agree that their communication sucks, which it admits that like they're wrong. And so you need to scapegoat something else. You need to scapegoat. Like your product should not be named this. I didn't see that. That's like the biggest red flag. Um I'm I'm Dude, you you want this book sitting on my freaking like I'm saying let's say a physical book. You want me to buy this at Barnes &amp; Noble, go to the counter and just purchase this in front of somebody? I'm clearly admitting the world my communication sucks. like they got to think about these kind of things too. Um, and so you got to make it an attractive uh I I came with this offer today, Ryan, on our our call inside of Offer Publisher. Someone was like, "Josh, you should do an offer for marriage and like being two years married." I'm like, "Dude, if I did it, I call it like the never- ending honeymoon or something." Or it's like people say the honeymoon only lasts six months to a year. I aim for the Yeah. the good. How do you extend it? Right. So, you got to make it like super cool, like a positive outcome, not your communication sucks. So, someone's going to steal it off or neverending honeymoneymoon.com or like I thought when I was a kid called How to Date Your Wife or Your Spouse. It's like most times like people forget they don't know how to date their wife. So, it's like 14 days like like be like a bunch of dates you can do. How to bring back the intimacy, the spice, whatever. So, see how that's way more attractive than your communication sucks. Yeah. No, I feel like that's some actionable stuff right there on that one. Yeah, we're done there. That one's good. We're done. Okay, let's see this next one. Yeah, go ahead. Um, CEO cleaning accelerator. So, it's a cleaning bizop CPA on live workshop $15. Biggest bottleneck is ascension group coaching. Oh, let's go. Let me see it. I wish I had Do we have stats? CPA $30. CPA live workshop. Okay, sounds like it's fine. Let me try. I don't want to like show the links if I can. people will find either way. Yeah, it doesn't matter. Public companies don't have it. Think bigger. Yeah. Um that's a thank you. Try this link. Oops. Okay. That's a cool little tool, by the way. What's that called that you look at the uh mobile simulator? That's very cool. I was wondering how you're doing that. Okay. Um Okay. Oh, wow. Um logo make it transparent. Yeah, unless it's survive recording session recorded. I don't know if I'd really need to say that, but yes, I want immediate access. What is it? Page is not the most beautiful FYI, but uh full name, email, phone, $27 for the recording of a master class. I would change how you're wording that to recording, but you're making you're from 97 to $124 and you have a CPA of 30 bucks. Is that right? Yeah. Or CPA on Evergreen workshop $30. Okay. So, we're not going to touch this uh or this part of it. So, this works for you. Um this that's good. And what you're saying your issue is is your ascension. So, you're making on the front end. We know somebody that does this very well that makes 3x on the front. Um, and then is also trying to build, you know, info coaching on the back, which is more so the coaching piece. So there, there it is. Is this I think this comes after they purchase. I'm pretty sure bottom of that page. What's that demo call button? Oh yeah. Um, schedule demo call. This goes to another page. Yeah. First of all, big difference in my mind immediately is you're talking about what was it? $650 a day was the initial. Oh, yeah. Let me see. Yeah. So then then you jump to let's do 20k months. Like how are those different? I don't even like off the top of my head I'm like okay what is the first one 15 grand or 20 grand and then you're talking about I think it's like we need to get to the out like $650 a day faster. Like my in bisop it's always like templates done for you stuff like that. The outcome I'm normally selling because Yeah. And and what you can do with that framing is instead of trying to ascend them directly, you don't have to frame it as ascension. You don't have to say, "Oh, cool. Now that you just bought the thing to get to $650 days, hey, do you want to get to 20K days?" They don't even know how to get to 650 yet. So, what you do want to do or what you can do is instead of trying to sell the next thing is just help them implement. And that is so people will do a quick start call. They'll do an implementation call. Just change the framing of this page to say you've been upgraded to the whatever version of this which comes with a call, a quick start call. And then book them in a call that's not with you. It's not with the closer ideally. I mean it can be if you guys are small. I don't know how where you're at, but like a hybrid closer or a setter and have them talk to the person and guide it and be like, "Oh, cool. Amazing. Yep. You got your access. You got your login. Okay, cool. Here's what's included. and by the way, why didn't you apply for our remote cleaning accelerator? And they're like, "Oh, what do you mean? Like I just saw an ad for this and I just bought this." And it's like, "Oh, no. Well, like all the success stories you're seeing on the site, that's where they come from." And all of our best case studies are from that because they get one-on-one personalization and they get You're sharing your screen. Okay. I know. [laughter] I didn't know. I didn't know. And I'm not an editor. So, uh, but they go, "Yeah." So they basically the ascension is from that is from getting them on the phone talking about how you have this other program this better program that's for them because of this because of this and going from there. What is this? Trying to find an example of one of these bookall pages I thought was good. My swipes Oh yeah this this one. Yep. So book your on. So these guys call an onboarding call. I was talking about as an implementation, a quick start or whatever. And all you're going to do is frame like this. So it is yeah your login access are right there. Although the information is valuable. We found it's helpful to have you know that people have issues implementing it. So being like ah it can kind of can be hard. So like you just booked this call in. We'll walk you right through it. Our experts will walk through it and they'll give you some other personalized this and this. And the personalization is like oh I do think you're a good fit actually for our backend thing. If they are that's the other thing. If your ascension rates ass, it may be because you're selling some low ticket thing that's not in alignment with your back end, which is so common where someone sells something that's how to do XYZ, think extremes, and you know, selling them something on dog training and then your backend on the back is teaching them how to get fit. It's like that doesn't make sense. But that can happen within your niche and in your micro, too. So, I don't know that that's the easiest way to collapse your ascension timeline is to build it into the funnel. The other way is to do it through um activation points inside your community program, whatever that after they do x amount of days or x amount of actions or are inside the community and whatever they're, you know, raising their hand basically to CTAs, you can pull them out, get them on the phone with a setter or closer that way. So that's my thought on that. But your CPA is solid and your return. Yeah, I think long term if you scale into colder markets, your front end's not if you're selling a bisop zero to one, become a cleaning business. There's a lot more lift you need to do to convince someone that they believe they can do it. It's easy, it's simple, there's no startup cost. Like there's a lot more lift you're going to have to do than just this little page. But Facebook's definitely giving you like it'll give you the best people at the start. I know this person has organic audience and all that. So just know eventually you'll have to build a funnel for the people in the problem state but right now it's obviously hitting on people who are already convinced on cleaning or whatever because you don't really get them problem aware solution aware mechanism. So just know that's in your near future but I'm always down to start with MVP to validate stuff and make it different later on. Yeah. Do you have any other ones on four minutes? What's up? Do you have any other ones? Yeah. Yeah. We got uh Okay, I got one. Structure these better into the future because I like these. I think these are helpful and I already got some ideas too for our stuff which is interesting. Yes sir. Easy. Okay, so we have product type. Okay, this is Zach. We met Zach at the event in Dallas. Shout out Zach. Um bottleneck probably too much text. Here is stats 1.5 link CTR. Uh current cost per lead is purchase about $2 or after. I don't know what that means. I don't know what that means. Okay, so he has 3.5%. Oh, sorry. up here. 24% optin. Let's just see what this is. Those stats look good. Oh, hey. I know this guy. Yeah. Sean, Zach. Oh my gosh. Make that page prettier. Did he say too much text? Yeah. 24% optin rate. Cool. And then Oh, he's talking about the sales page. Can you go to sales page? Oh, yeah. Oh, that could be an issue. I've been there, brother. Let me see if I popped with this. If it goes to Hey, here we go. Okay, he sent us wrong link. He's big on keeping things simple and I know like ugly. Yeah. All right. So, what's his issue on this? He said, let's double check. Um, probably way too much. Not having enough authority backed into it. So, but what are the other stats? So, if you go back to the second column, current costs. Yeah. One more over. He was saying 3.5% of sales page on That's fine. Yeah, it's fine. Oh, no. That's the blended number. or I get what he's saying. Yeah. So, his lead cost is 2%. Or I'm sorry, it's $2. Mhm. And then divided by 00357. So, it's costing him $56 to get a purchase on that page. Is that my understanding? If it cost $2 to land someone on that page, right? Current cost after purchase. I don't understand what you're saying to be honest. Yeah. I don't that's from offer on that page. What's the offer on the bottom of that page? This one? Yeah. $47. Or it's $23.50 a month. So, it's half off if you decide to do a monthly recurring. Yeah. That's framed kind of funky. Yeah. I mean, simple stuff that we said on the other ones, but yeah, there's no CTAs throughout that, which is you need way more probably or at least images, too. Like big TSLs, you definitely need images. I get it. And he's trying to be a 50% new member, which is for the monthly, but I got to pop off this in 40 seconds. But, um, yeah, you need more stats around these. This is fun. Don't use goal basic text, too. It's ugly. More images. Uh, timer's broken. Um, and give us your other stats and we'll review it again and see see what we can do. Good stuff. Rock on, bro. There. We'll do this again someday. Send us your funnels. I like the hoodie, by the way. This hoodie. Yeah. Swagged up. Fuzzy. Appreciate it, dog. Shout out my wife. Shout out Mark. Yeah, Mark. Where's mine? Exactly. Zack. Gotta be jacked. All right, guys. That is day 88. I'll upload this one today, I think. thinking I'm doing another phase two. Phase two is coming. Phase two of 12 days. I'm ready. I'm excited, dude. Keep crushing. Cooking. I got to tell you some sauce. I got something good. Good. Good. All right. Talk to you soon. Peace. What's up, guys? We are back. Day 110 in a row. And we've got Josh Low Ticket Gavin according to his name on here. Josh Low Ticket Gavin. Legal name. Legal name. That's true. Uh so we are going to do funnel reviews today. we posted on X uh to get some feedback or to get some form submissions. So Josh is essentially going to MC lead it and go through sharing screen and then we're just going to bounce back and forth and go through them. So Josh, kick it off or actually who are you people for the new news cuz Oh, I'm a I'm a 23-year-old kid living in Minnesota. I build low ticket offers. I built um we're approaching 550 low ticket offers I've architected or worked on myself. And yeah, I just love low ticket. I don't I believe in high ticket. Low ticket is a means to attract high ticket. So don't confuse me with those people who say you can be profitful just low ticket. Um and yeah, we're going to jump into this and give some people some advice. Lots of low ticket in here. So it's my favorite. It's my favorite. Let's do this. So first one on the table, we have it looks like an agency bisop and I asked them for as much data as possible and not everyone gave a ton of data. So, if you ever submit your funnel in a future episode, make sure to give us as much as possible. But what I know so far, Ryan, is they said, I believe, so I believe the front end sales uh are $25 to $30 CPA. I'm going to the second. So, we got CPA around 30 to$25 to $30. Order bumps are a 5% take rate. That's super low. I think he needs his upsells, too. So, I think the biggest thing we need to help him with is going to be his upsells. So, let me pull these up here. I'll share my screen. So, we got an upsell issue. Usually, the problem I see upsell is they're just it doesn't make us aren't making it clear on why this makes sense on top of what they already purchased. But Ryan, can you see my screen? All right. Yeah. This is a $25 CPA for a $3 front end, right? Yeah, it looks like. Yeah. Let's see how much the ebook is. Go to step two. That page is hurting my soul a little bit. This is bad. Uh but hey, it's again and when we say anything on I was gonna say when we say anything on this, it's not Oh, that's interesting. Pre-check and nine after it was a three. Um before Yeah, before we say anything, this is this is all constructive. Like obviously people are trying to get feedback. We're not like [ __ ] on anybody at all. Like anybody who's trying and doing this is, you know, 9,000 steps in the right direction. So yes, sir. Um but all right. So, what data did you have? A $25 CPA. Yep. And do you have AOV? Uh, no. He did not use AOV and uh Otto's could use Titaning. And that's all he said. So, got it. We're just going to rip it. But he said we know there's a 5% take on order bumps. And so, I'm assuming he means these and he might be meaning his upsells, too. So, either way, we know that the upsells and order bumps are not hitting. Um, first thing I'll say here, I won't talk about we'll talk about the sales page in a second, but just on here, like Ryan, look at this. Sevenigure soup to nuts recipe. What do you think that is without reading this? Like the seven figure. I have no idea what's even I I have no idea this for agency. The agency box is what people are doing. And they have a seven figure soup to nuts. So it's basically how to take your agency to seven figures if I think about it for two minutes straight. But like off the rip, it's not copy is not on. That builds an agency that runs without you is different. You can that could be a whole different like something that builds or runs on its own is a machine which is much different than a seven figure type of offering. So if you're trying to get to seven figures, that's like a scaling how to go from, you know, if these guys are what who's the who's the ICP? Is it someone who already has an agency? Uh it looks like somebody for agency owners and freelancers. Yeah. So existing Less meaningless agency that creates halftime lifetime. Less laptop, more beach approach. God, it sounds like my worst nightmare, but some people love that [ __ ] Um, you ever had a laptop on a beach, by the way, dude, it's the worst. I can't do I can't I can't see my screen. Mac has that new like uh whatever non- glossy laptop screen and I refuse to get it on anything because I'm like, "No, no sunlight. I'm either in the cave. It's hot. It's annoying. I don't I want to I want to be relaxed, but I'd be totally working." People are gonna watch us and be like, "What the they talking about?" [laughter] All right. All right. So, from from the get sales page needs some love. Your spacing's all over the place. This looks like ghl build, which is I cannot stand Ghell's uh default font. It just irks me. But we see here, we don't know what it is. Like, this kind of sells the outcome. Like, this the phone list like I like the outcome you're selling could be really good. I know this will hit. It's obviously selling agencies hate doing fulfillment. They hate uh they hate selling meetings. Yeah. They hate phone calls. They hate having a calendar full of meetings to do demos and do they hate the whole business model. They want to get out of [ __ ] Everyone would hate the agency. I bought everything. Yeah, dude. I think so. If you look at Jeff, we did this offer for Jeff Miller called agency behind the scenes. Uh oh, see the old page. Yeah. So, we did his we did this offer. Let's see if it work. Let's see. [snorts] Um, sometimes my wifi just like blocks certain funnel sites. So, we'll see. Okay, so let's look at a better example of a an offer that did over I think we got him to 100,000 a month on MR for his a school group. Okay, so I built this funnel. Super ugly, really basic, but it's still ripping. So, we look at what's a good example. Uh, this is like pretty much summing up everything you're trying to say, just a better headline. So we're implying that fulfillment is simple, right? Fulfill in 30 minutes. We're saying it's high profit. And then we are saying that it's volume. So your thing is trying to say a lot of different things, just not clear. And so uh we also I think you it seems pretty close like happy clients seems like you kind of modeled this already. Well, having happy AF clients, that's something Jeff just says. And so I pulled that that pay you longer than the month because you actually get them results. I like that. So this one ripped and uh again and then here we're going to what is it actually like your page I don't know like obviously the VSSL could probably say stuff also like the overlay you picked seems very interesting like I don't know how it really connects or pulls me in. Yeah, YouTube video is not a vibe either. Oh gosh, a bass boost in my ears. So he said more beach, less laptops. Um you should sell drop servicing at that point if that's true. But anyways, you need to fix that. You need more clarity. What is this? Who is this for? We talked about this in the last episode, but at the top of the page, right away, who is it for? What outcome is it going to get them? What's the narrative of it? You're not hitting it there. Um, and then I love how many testimonials are. It does add a lot of social proof. And this is why you're probably converting like very high solution state warm people. But if you were trying to scale this, you're de like I know this funnel is going to hit a ceiling because it's not converting to people who aren't automatic buyers. Like you're converting to people that Yeah, that whole thing like if you scroll up a little bit more. Sorry, I didn't mean to cut you off. Um, no, do it. No, like just like everyone's on mobile those. No one can even read those. And like you're choosing and then you're doing different like like I'm such a sucker for like consistency around stuff like this and like you're the wording you're choosing to use as like the highlight you're doing in like this lower case. on some you're doing like is this uppercase and like I get if you're trying to copy direct but like people can't even read those the margin that's both on left and right side as well as between is like crazy like no one's reading those someone's scrolling through that page as fast as possible until they get to the break where this and then they're trying to and then they're reading this because this is like more correct you're using red on there's another stupid example but like you know these are the things on what's inside red is a no no generally if it's not in your brand stuff and like that then is like all designed differently. I think just with a cleaner design, you're going to double. Yeah. Yeah. Like literally just I mean you're trying I see you're trying to pull a mixture of Allen's automatic clients page plus your own. I would just stick to the structure. Um this one I call it the mini AC funnel. The first one I I I was lazy. It was funny. Allan was talking about this on his call. He's like, "Yeah, people start doing mini AC because they're lazy to build long one." I'm like, "Yeah, it's 100% why I did it and it rips." And so I did the mini AC for for Jeff and it'll work in your market too. It doesn't work in some, but you might as well just like model the structure. If you're already trying to do it like if you're going to try to follow a template, you might as well follow this. And this is like this is an ugly version of our pages and it's did fine. So you can design this very simple and this one ripped, you know, 100,000 months and it's just very clear and nothing fancy. So it's shorter than your page. You'll be able to build it. you just, you know, hire a designer to make you a a legit old way, new way thing or just get a Canva template that's in the free nothing held back group and you should should be good there. Um, your buttons are different colors like what you know it's blue now it was green before. Yeah, exactly. I think inconsistencies I hate I hate this little thing. I know people crush with it though, so like all the power to you, but like consistency I'm just talking design honestly right now. But it's like consistency and that and then you're you're really good at this. So, like how would you Mhm. how do you have your checkboxes? Like they have like what Blake was talking about where they have the mult multi- option which I which does is shown to like to work. I think that one's a little confusing because it's like all the same. Like for us, for example, we have one we have a two check on ours and it's like discount applied. It's like the two product discount applied. It's just two options. It's like you're either going to get the one main thing or you're going to get the other one with the discount applied. That is the order bump um separate because right now you essentially have You have what? Eight eight different AOVs you could have or I mean that's multiplication on there. So it's actually four because they could have this one and this one and this one. But like that's just kind of crazy behavior. And then same thing with what Josh said is like seven figure soup to nuts. Like no like one of these is like how to scale the how to scale it to seven figures which again is the next kind of step I believe in the current state. You're just trying to make it so they can run the business model that's like light. And then the next thing right here is you're already introducing how to scale that business model from likely a couple clients to, you know, over 100k a month or 83k a month or whatever. The next one. Yeah. Yeah. Go ahead. Yeah. It's freaking client quick lens makes [clears throat] sense to me. Yeah. Yeah. There you go. So, it's like, see, and this is for order bumps. Everyone watching this, the reason I'm able to get like a 40 to 50% take rate on all my bumps is because we sell tools or milestones. Like templates and tools are your best friend. Um, and if your front end's education, it's like a course, a workshop, a book, your the up rest, the upsells, like especially if it's bisop or B2B, give them tools to speed up the outcome on the front end. So things like this, obviously I wouldn't just say client wins. There's more you need to add into this, but uh it definitely is way better out of all of these. Like if I had to pick this one, swipe files do well. This one would, you know, probably are too high take rate if I had to guess. And then this one I would just delete altogether. Um, Ryan, answer your question about what I would do here. I've actually never have done uh like check things like this. I usually make it like if I'm doing an audio book, I just have a separate bump for that there and I always just have it be one product because I just don't want them to like I feel like they just overthink here and I know it works well. And if anything, I would just do the book and then the book plus audiobook option just so I don't have to make a whole another bump for it. But ideally on the order form, my goal is like the least amount of friction. I want them to quick quick buy like don't second guess. Don't overthink and this is just too much like thinking going on before they they get down here. So yeah, I would definitely fix that. You're nuking your conversion rate. And the whole point of order bumps is that it doesn't hurt your uh I'm sorry your convert did I say that your conversion rate um yep it's just getting nuked because people have to scroll through all that because they're trying to check it. They're trying to understand what the difference is. It's like not clean at all. H Okay. Um what do we got here? It's here's the thing like offers like this bro like they sometimes make a lot of money like they can rip like ugly funnels they can rip. So especially in these market ugly funnels too is one thing but but the thing is like it depends on the market. The reason like this is getting by and getting sales because it's like one to 100. It's biz up. It's like you're not going to get away. So people watching this like if you have you're not in those markets you're going to need something a little nicer. So, don't think I'm giving you the green light to to do this. But for him, he has an excuse. Like, he can get away with this. Um, okay. I take this out. Take these out. Mobile, these just suck. If you don't have a guy who can design something where it shows like one little thing here, one little thing here, one little thing here, that don't just use the default elements to do this. It just because mobile looks super bad. But on desktop, it looks really nice. It's like it it goes across the top of the page like this. So, try to hire someone in Canva that can make a smaller version of this or like screenshot it, make it small, and then put it here or just like don't have it. Um, welcome. You didn't affirm the purchase at all. Uh, you didn't like say, "Hey, you just got everything you need. Here's like you didn't explain why they need this next." So, you said, "Great. Gotcha." And you bait and switched them and said, "Special offer. here's everything you need. So, you're like, "Wait, I didn't get everything I needed on the front end, you scammer." Right? That's like these people think. They're like, "You freaking like you you just stole my money." And then that's why you get refunds and why you get people in the ads being like, "What are the upsells or what are you trying to sell me later? You gota you gota you got to affirm it." So, go back and watch our other episode. We talked about this before uh how I used anytime. Keep scrolling on there. opening with anyone any time. What does that even mean? Start layback sales conversations. So, you should have framed time. You should have framed this as a just client getting scripts. Honestly, like that's a if you're doing agency, everyone watching this, I've done so many agency offers uh like SEO agency, AI agency. Like I did a couple really good agency offers and all a sudden all the agency dudes want me to make like compete against my other funnels. So, it's very simple. You teach them a new agency model on the front end. Upsell one then is templates to get clients. Upsell two is fulfillment related templates. And that's it. And then order bumps are swipe files, examples, and case studies. Do that funnel, you'll rip it every time. A winning offer I did when I was a kid that I wish I would have kept going was called five meetings a week challenge. Very clear where the goal is to get five meetings a week, close at 20% and get one client, one client a week. I'm going to show you how to do it. They come into the course, very clear outcome and the same upsell templates and then fulfillment. So, still waiting for someone to do that offer. I keep throwing it out there and no one wants to do it. Another one is inbound agency clients. That's another one that was really good. I've got a whole bunch. So, dude, just like make this upsell focused on just getting clients and make that very clear. And then also, I thought we already got this in the order bump. So, we're back to the soup. Back to the soup. [laughter] Uh, yeah. So, I would just redo again. Follow a structure like literally go through at the top. Does it group those? Um, breaking down all the courses. No, it doesn't. Saying to get more and then it's like you there's course one, there's course two, there's course three, there's course four, there's course five. And if they make it to the end on that page, it's like add a butthole. And also again, yes, ugly things can work. Like we talk about this on here all the time, but like you could have the ugliest page of all time and have your address at the bottom and nothing else functions on p on the page and people will mail you to buy stuff if it's like a good enough offer. But I don't think the offer makes sense even. I don't think it's even like like structured in a way. So it's a 101 in courses, 804 in savings. That doesn't make Yeah. It's like it's design and copy on this like in a nice Yeah. So, and we don't have the data because I don't know your AOV. You said it's like we just know his order bumps are 5% which like even if he means to check that's really low. That should be like 50. So, step two customize. Step three customize. That isn't like even more beach laptop and even more beach. More beach and more less less laptop. Even more dude, you get a beach. You get [laughter] double the beaches. Upsell one is how first of how to get the beach lifestyle. Upsell two is how to get two two beaches for one. It's like supplements. You sell more beaches. I'm not even going to read. Like I don't even know, dude. What is the headline on this? How to turn that and then scroll to the bottom. The world wait there. We go wait. The world famous five minute Loom videos that sell. So this is acquisition. So this is this is teaching them without Yes. because the first thing they need to understand is how to get more clients. And I don't know if you're framing with your mechanism of e or I mean a mechanism or like USP is even more beach and less laptop. The mechanism on this being Loom videos that if anything you kind of want that to be more USP as well because it's just a Loom video. Everyone's like, "Oh, a five minute Loom video." Yeah. You're selling the template. you're selling. Here's the easy cookie cutter way to have like no whatever no time like any of the stuff acquisition which is the looms. Yeah. Yeah. I want to try to pull this up. But yeah, so that I would change that. Let me try to find an example here quick. So like I know people are like, "Well, give me an example. What does it look like? Josh Ryan, you're out here like telling me it's all bad. Give me example." Let me try to find an example of my swipe file here and then we'll jump into the next one because we got some more I want to get through. Um I have a hard stop but I already told you that butchers FYI. So we got to get hard stops nowadays. I'm trying to protect my time. Got to get that assistant bro. I know I do. Got to get that assistant. Okay. Here's my swipe. I'm going to show you some mock page. Um all right. Luckily fun hack. Duplicate your funnel. So, like if you share with people, they don't actually have your legit link. So, um hopefully a lot of you guys do that here, but just like an outline of a page. I would just switch it to a page like this where it says, "And can you see my screen, Ryan? Is that good?" Yep. I got you now. Yep. Important. So, it's up here. Do not close. 100% secure. So, it's all secure. Don't worry, it's all good. Watch this welcome message below. So, we say, "Welcome. Please watch this video." And the spacing is whack right now because my desktop has a weird setting. I have a weird extension. That's freaking it up. Um, but watch this video. You'll learn how to get the most out of the program and then please watch this video. Your steps unlock a gated VSSL. So the CTA button appears after these eight minutes here and then they can purchase or not. So if anything, if you want to save yourself in design, everyone watching this, just do a gated VSSL upsell like this and then below when it pops up. It's I I'm not going to wait 8 minutes here, but it's legit just a freaking like mockup with a button and like a guarantee badge and that's it. And it it crushes. We have a We have an upsell like this. Literally the same page selling a 997 done for you offer and we're converting 10% on cold traffic. So yeah, um just steal that page. What's the ticket on this? What's the ticket on this one? That one was just a 197 and then there's still having the consumption of that for that and then also everything that happens in emails and all that. We're not going to go into that because we just only have pages, but like Yes, sir. Those crank and like even that page has some love it could have, right? Like clickable. No, seriously. Right. Like clickable uh whatever like thumbnail on there. Uh all that kind of stuff. Huge. And then so for you, yeah, I would do that on there. I would do some version of that. And then I would also make sure that you frame the first upsell like Josh was talking about. Like what is the first thing that happens? not a course bundle of seven different things and then the next one being more the same framing it as like the loom you know the templates here's your templates now on how to get clients like today right is like you know so I think I understand I'll shut up now let's do it all right next one I think this is an uh health vertical let's see okay so next one is here there we Yep. Sales for cost per It's very new. It looks like they just started these ads. Okay. So, all that matters for us right now is cost per results 45 bucks. And of course, we have no AOV. I think we need to change how we're adding. We're going to add in this stuff. We'll make it better. There'll be a link below for you guys have a better one. We started running ads on June 26. I plan on making the copy stronger for ads or find a sales copy and add an order bump and Otto to increase AOV. For now, we wanted to launch quickly and uh test instead of trying to perfect everything. Focus to get customers quick result from the front uh book and consultation uh to sign up for coaching. I'm already going to push back on doing a book, but I see it's whatever. All right, let's see what this is. All right, so this is the one that's $45 CPA. It's such small data, bro. What the freak? Your page is SC. It doesn't have an S. My Wi-Fi doesn't pull up pages. I don't have a nice little I think it's a secure thing. Let me see here. SSL. Mine definitely won't. Mine won't even open some of your pages. [laughter] Here. If you want to pause, I can try to pull connect to different Wi-Fi. We can try to pull it up. Not pausing the next one. Let's see if Let's see if anyone else has a legit Okay. Okay. Here we go. So, we got another one here. All right. All right. So, so we got pixel setup. So, it's book a call funnel. Cost per lead. Cost per lead. Book a call button click is $30 and it has no bookings. All right, let's look at it. You want this average play 15 10% conversion link click to VSL play. All right, let's check this out. Click funnels 2.0 page. Do you want mobile view? Yeah, 95% of most people's traffic. I'm ready. I'll let you. You're a big VS. You're a Vs. I mean, you literally you're, you know, offer you're on you guys use VSSL. DTA. What I always talk about is a DTA funnel. Crush these is how they run. So, um, it's going to be headline VSSL, watch this thing, and then schedule your call, book a call, apply, whatever. Okay. Okay. So, if you scroll through that page, what happens when you learn elite mentorship career progression? So, it's a closing biz up on how to become a remote closer. Yeah. And then book a call is embedded on page as well. And then what happens if you like can you click on that or go? I think it's probably going to do the same thing. Go to Why is it right clicking there? Okay. It goes down. Oh, just it's just CJ. Okay. Yeah. Cool. Um All right. So, you click on that. What are the application questions? No, no. Let's go book a call. Okay. He's got available time today, which is good. Speed. Why is it not working? Here we go. Let me try to I might have to change it to desktop. That's fine. O texttop we're both likely I mean some at some level it's fine obviously no one's going on so very very limited wait okay [snorts] has been bugging a little bit all right uh how would you describe I'm currently working high ticket sales monthly earnings where you now where do you want to be and then this is just classic I have little savings I have some savings things. Can you pay me? These questions are so like clear. It's like I'm going to sell you something. I want to make sure you have this much money to be here. Yeah, dude. I know. It's like whatever. It still works, I think. I don't know. I don't run up at all. I I've actually like direct. You usually ask like their age. You ask how much they have saved? That's fine. Do they have an existing business? When do they get into business? Are they working a job? You ask like indirect. And then you come up with like and you maybe ask if you show like if it does make sense, would you be able to uh invest? That's usually how we dance around it in Bisop instead of directly asking because there's like there's a lot of shame involved if you're like have to click this one or like this one because you'll compare and they know it's not like a ton. So you gota you got to feel it out. So what are your thoughts? VSL man call starting up on the top. Yeah. Video reveals how sales professionals are transitioning to remote sales and earning 10 to 30k. How sales professionals are transitioning to remote sales. So, you're targeting people who are in sales in their career, but you want to teach them how to go remote without needing to cold call or quit your job immediately. Okay. I mean, that's not terrible. I mean, I think it needs to be I don't know how you're targeting or what your what your ads are bringing them to. Can you look at that data really quick? Because I think he said it was like a $2. I mean, not like it's like I think he was the one that had 3% CTR. Yeah, he had a 2% click to total link click. You've only had 93 people go to page. A good number for this is five or 10%. I know we were on I was with Jeremy and he was talking 20 30% click to app which ising crazy but like if you're not getting like five or 10 then something is definitely broken. Yes and you're running one ad. Not saying that's a problem but what what are your thoughts on the ad? Sales earning four to six per month. you know, there's not a level that's got to get flagged to by the new financial update like calling out specific things that's definitely going to be put in a special category soon. I also don't think that if you're in sales earning four to seven is really makes sense. Why? Like what if someone's making eight or three or 50 and they want also it's like that makes a lot of people. Yeah. Completely lots of people and but targeted. Yeah. Uh without starting over make the transition from the remote sales model where I can earn more. Yeah, lean into that part. Earn more, work less, and live on my own terms. So, because really what the whole thing of remote is is like it's the ease of being able to do the job. It's the people who go and drive around and have to go to physical locations and do all the stuff like spend their entire day driving just to make have a conversation and sell or do doortodoor or whatever. Like, so you're kind of also being a little broad, but like not saying that's a problem, but like if you're in sales and then you're tightening in the targeting to 4 to 7,000 per month people, sales is massive. So like taking someone from I don't know what your experience is, but like your experience being able to sell that. You went from door to door to remote, sell door to door to remote. If you went uh medical sales to remote, do medical sales to remote. Like be able to do that. Corporate sales Yeah. So he's like he's talking about commutes and corporate and whatever. So like layer that in somewhere. You need to like I mean most people are just going to use this and thousands commission. I kept trying to read that from here. You're good. [snorts] [laughter] Is that better for your eyes? I don't know. I'm just like I've got like three windows open and like that's all right. [laughter] Yeah. It's not I mean whatever ad you are kind of doing more more call outs but then so go back to squeeze page. Yeah. Also change that name up there but that's a little thing. Yeah. And then how to get into high ticket which now you just introduced high ticket. They don't know what that is or care because you're you're talking about like you know what I mean like high ticket sales we know but like they're in corporate sales and you're teaching them remote sales and now you're talking about high ticket sales. Yeah. also all know like meansish the same thing but they don't know that the difference between someone making 5,000 a month and 20,000 per month. So now you're talking all about income differences. Okay. So he worked with Charlie. Here's the thing. One thing I have an issue with the messaging from the offer side is and this is a big issue like a lot of people who do closing like I knew guys a closing setting bizop. They were doing a million a month with a low tia funnel uh just like on that and what happened is they maxed out the TAM and like people are so aware of the mechanism of remote sales where there wasn't much novelty to it. If you go on YouTube look at remote sales there's like a hundred influencers talking about it. So you need to understand you're not in the romantic stage anymore. You're in the realism and accountability stage. And so you're competing on uh results now. you're competing on. You have to go. That's why I see some people go to done for you. Uh where they they flip the upsell pass done for you on the front because people are like already bought education. It didn't work. And so for you, you either need to have some sort of novelty like what makes your remote sales different because the number of people who don't know about remote sales or haven't consumed content on it um is it's way smaller. It's a really small TAM. And so they're going to be comparing you to Cole Gordon, uh uh the sales agency. all these are dudes are pushing massive spend and so either like the biggest thing is you don't have a ton of testimonial or status like them is to just do something different. So I've been telling remote and sales people this forever but I think people should be transitioning people out of like instead of being remote sales uh in general it should be remote sales for like a new industry. So my buddy just got into tech sales for like government and he's doing great. I'm like, dude, instead of telling people to do remote sales for info where it's very saturated, just be like, hey, in know remote sales, you probably try info really good job stock high ticket offers, you can make more money doing the same amount of work in a new market, right? So, same thing of red ocean, blue ocean. So, if you really want to spice this up from freaking messaging wise, if you want to pierce through even though you don't have as much status as Cole Gordon, then just have a new novelty and be like, here's how to transition. I was just going to say it's exactly what I was going to say is like them saying six their brand name being six figure remote and saying remote sales like there's competition in that market. You are basically you're duping what he created as his like I don't want to say it was really necessarily unique to him but like he owns the remote remote sale remote whatever thing. So even just having something different as like what your mechanism style or what your USP is not remote high ticket model. So like literally as simple as like remote high income, remote high, you know what I mean? Like because like they don't know what high ticket is. They're not familiar with high ticket funnels. They're not familiar with these things because they're coming from corporate world. So being able to cloud corporate and then like exactly what Josh just said, moving industries entirely to this new online world. Yeah. Like existing people. Yeah. Because it's like what are the I mean exactly. You're you're literally giving the benefits in here. I just don't think they're getting to the point where they can hear this. Yeah. If you're talking about pre-qualified leads, no cold anything. You're talking about complete remote, not having to drive around and do that grind. You're talking about higher commissions is kind of one thing, but like it's more so the throughput. I don't know if higher commissions is a thing that's more important or like your higher income because higher commissions doesn't necessarily have to be I mean it is true for this but exactly the do the math portion is what's really the more important and think you're you're talking in a way where only a person who's already been in like knows this model would understand. So people don't understand stuff they're checked out. So the people understand us they already know this model which means they know your competition which means you probably consume those people's via cells which so then you just made it even harder. So it be one thing if you're talking to people that no idea about this stuff but your language is attracting a person who does like they don't understand but what are we selling you know is this info what are the inbound inbound calls for like the reason Cole Gordon stuff worked well and Dan Lock dude even Dan Lock he was before Cole like Dan Lock freaking milked the market but thing they had a super structure they said they were talking about how info is so big and online education's the next wave it's a billion dollar market and how you can make money from it is people need sales reps. So get into it. So for you, you're lacking super structure for why what is what's high ticket? What are we selling? Like I need to believe that people want the product. Like right now the best thing I would do like or best if a best sales remote bisop is teaching people how to sell for AI software companies like going because AI is big. It's like AI is so much money is going into it. Everyone's AI and you know AI companies are hiring sales reps to sell their corporate or enterprise packages. has higher margins. It's an easy product to sell because everyone wants it. And I would teach them how to get into that. And so then AI becomes my super structure and then all a sudden I can like knock on info and be like ah you know it's getting a little saturated or you know only a few winners like our big offer owners who can even hire you but AI like every day a new AI company's opening and so you can just flip it and just make it a way better offer. So yeah, I think it's a message and then double down. Yeah, I was going to say I agree. And then doubling down on that for the step two of this real quick and then we can move to the next one. But the schedule your call like [snorts] schedule your call like you're telling them the literal thing to do which is like not Did that just reload at the top of the page? Yeah. Yeah. Step two, schedule your call. It needs to be like and then you're framing on the next thing is what you're going to learn on your free growth call. Like it needs to be like on an example that we use is like book your XYZ call to learn how to do XYZ and like you're aggressive here just throwing your notes up. Um everyone look at my notes. But no like framing the call is like what it actually is. So like you're calling it a free growth call but then up there you're just saying like schedule your call, book call, choose a time to speak to me onetoone. Is it valuable that they want to speak to you onetoone or is it valuable that they want to get the result? What is the mechanism you're calling the result? Yeah. Yeah. Anyways, all right, we'll go to the next one. I was gonna show you an example, but we kind of made the point here. I think it's a messaging issue for sure. You're going to run into a big market. You can make that market works. It works. I think it's like your goals. Like I if I'm going to that market, I'm expecting to build like a maximum $100,000 a month business with what's still available. But I'd be have to talk to people who don't know it exists. I'd have to create new customers instead of going after people who know about Cole and everyone else. That's just Yeah. Unless you really unless you have more stats because think like you have a few pages and then you compare it to Cole's page. Like dude, hold his experience on there was how he did it, right? How he went from whatever he said he was stuck at 4 to 6K and then he took it to 23 or 36 or whatever number he said. Like yeah, that's not, you know, it's cool. People want to like work side by side someone who's done it more so sometimes than like big companies with all these huge stats, but like you're going up against those guys. So you need to like you need to own your corner until you have that and like resonate in that way for it to make sense for someone to want to work with you in someone who has 1,000 times the results. Yep. Okay. Next one. We have two options, Ryan. We have someone who just started ads and they spent $5. Or we can review someone who has actually told us their AOV and their CPA and other things too. Should we wait to review the person with F$5? You guys have resubmit probably. I don't know how much. Yeah, do your AOV and CPA. Okay, so this next one here, um, I'm down to look at that one. Yeah, we'll do at the end if we have time. Appreciate you submitting it, whoever that was. We will. If anything, just resubmit for another episode. Um, do you move your wedding ring to your thumb when you work? It's It's a fidget. Like I fidget with it. My wife hates it. She's always like, "Stop." Like, "Don't move it." And I'm like, "Ose it. You're gonna lose it. You're gonna lose it." I'm like, "I I need a fidget ring, dude. I need like a spin or something. I need a secondary." Yeah. You need your wedding band and your engagement. What do they do? I don't I don't know. Yeah. Get the rubber one or whatever. All right. Okay. Offers toolkit is converting cold traffic at 4.6. It's pretty gassed. No, that's pretty good. That's pretty good for average cart 72, CPA 115. And what are they stuck with? More customers. We increase ad spend, but sales don't. Okay, so it breaks when they scale. Let's see how many ads are running. 20 new a week. Straight up, dude. There's so much AI right now. It's like not hard to have 20 leads. Austin Ford, I've heard that name. Yeah, he's uh he was at the event we were at. You probably met him. They good at challenges. Austin 50 results atomic offers the secret. Wait, wait. Most experts thinks more content, but that's exactly why high ticket offers are failing. Less is actually more. I think more I don't know. I don't believe that's simplify your offer. Streamline your delivery. Wait, so what's he selling in that first one? Most experts think more content equals more value. But that's not exact that's not that's exactly why those aren't working less is actually I don't think that argument hits like I don't think people think that's what makes like too many videos random bonuses and years of value sounds great but you're drifting out I would here's how I would reframe it like you're what you're trying to say is people think that they need to add more to their like they think it's a offer stack issue uh and they need to add more but I think more people think it's a funnel issue like in the market people already like there was they auto is an offer issue. So that's why Alexi came in and like introduced, "Hey, here's how to fix your offer." But a lot of people in the high ticket space thinking it's a funnel issue. And so I don't know. I think for you like I would knock like it's not a funnel issue and then introduce like um like because people believe it is. So you have to tell them why that's not true and kind of have a counterargument. It's like stop obsessing over your funnel. The real issue is like what you're selling in that funnel because you're talking about offers. So you either talk about traffic, funnels, or offers. Yeah, exactly. Exactly. That's what I was going to say cuz like in that top one or that middle one, too many videos, random bonuses, and years of value. So I assume when you're talking about years of value in the first one, you're talking about more content, more value. You're talking about the traffic sources. And then you're also talking about the kind of like funnels, but yeah, exactly. Offers more than anything. Like I think I would bite on the fact that oh, you don't need, you know, to have six offers. You just need one offer and your offer is wrong. Like the reason that you're scaling is because your offer is broken. in your and like lean into that and just run the gambit of like the reason it's not working uh is because of that. Even this I mean the meta of this is that's why this isn't like at that scale, right? It's like the offer is or like it's not clear. It's not clear enough. Um Yeah. Yeah. I like it, dude. I mean like look at the I like the little testimonial snippets in there. Like our our client Jordan who turned a $500 workshop that he had as an offer into a $10,000 program. Like that's the type of sh like I like that. How do you reframe and re restructure your offer? Like I wouldn't talk about how like I would talk about the biggest like reason why people aren't converting on the phone is because you're you're telling them too much stuff. Like have you ever gone in like what if you went to a car dealership and they started telling about every single little feature you didn't care about? It's like you're probably there for one or three reasons like you want better gas mileage or he wants it looks good or he wants something safer reliable. Like a good sales rep knows when to shut up. But you you can't shut up. your offer stack is so long like this this and this and then also then you have to fulfill for years and you're g like you're doing you're doing more work than you have to make your life easier confused they don't know what to buy they don't know what they what they're buying it's like every single person we've looked at their funnel stack so far is like has been that issue like this is the solve to that is like people don't know your offer I'm excited to see where the upsell track is on this can you go to the page I love that you please going back oh that crick up his stats. No, no, no. I said I love that you did that. Oh, here we go. So, this is what a pretty page looks like, everyone from prior. Um, yeah, he's got a good design. Clickfunnels. Clickfunnels mixed with the AC. He's got the fonts. Yeah, this is beautiful. So beautiful. First and last name. Kind of weird. The check the box over there on the right is kind of funky, but I'm sorry. That's just a design thing. Looks is it? Yeah, I just I don't know if it's looks like Goho font, but I think it's Click Falls. I can't tell. I don't know. Look at that. It's like two different This is I think it's like I think I bet it's go high level. This I could sense it. I could feel it. Okay. Sorry. I'm scrolling through your beauty though. What the Yeah. Proven framework helping create five take and practically sell themselves without adding more complexity. Yeah. So lean into I mean this is not as to be very blunt here. This is not as much my game. That's why I kind of like doing these because I like seeing them like I you know we run more in the cult game. Um, but page is beautiful. The headline I still am like depending on who's here because it's like yeah it's like are you taking somebody on how to create an offer? Are you telling some are you helping someone reframe their current stack or take something that currently exists as an offer and make it so it's that this is kind of like overarching all of those a little bit which maybe is the point but I would like I think when it says without adding more complexity drowning in content like one of my biggest issues with bullets. Yeah. So for everyone listening want to improve your conversions like easy way to boost it is get super clear on what you mean when people say like like the sales guy he said without starting over what does that mean starting over what like it's like pretty much the issue people have when they sell features and benefits and they're not selling outcome so you need to show them what things they're avoiding so without adding more complexity I would say without giving away lifetime coaching or support without creating like add giving away eight bonuses or having to eight bonuses for your offer without um you know giving one-on-one support in your coaching, right? Like what do you you got to be way more clear. So just adding that alone is going to help people uh spark their imagination for what it is they don't have to do. And so like without doing one-on-one Zoom calls every single week with your customers without, you know, burning out delivery, what what's burning them out? It's probably calls, like I said, the Zoom calls. It's probably support in the community, which people do give away too much when they don't have to. And so if you look at um Funnel Gorgeous, they had a offer called the scalable coach I think and they did a really good job at this and explaining the pain points that burn out coaches and how their model avoids that. So I think you need to do more of that. Yeah, agreed. Agreed. Let's look at the Otto. Let's see. Did he link or Yeah, he ordered he had three pages, right? Yeah. Check out Otto1. Yeah. What do you say? His AV was $75. Yeah. Yeah. So, that's how you do that's how you do an OTO or I'm sorry, an order bump. That's how you do an order bump. Yes. Insider pass order. I don't know the insider pass to top. Okay. It's just a swipe file. Insider pass. Yeah. I would just say it's a swipe file. And I think people in this market know what swipe pile is and would literally want a swipe pile. Yeah, if you maybe say it. Yeah. So, yeah, it's pretty easy. This one again, great order pump. Swipe pile is my favorite. One of my favorite things is called a a case study VSSL order pump. That's my unique mechanism name, fire, right? And what you do is you sell a case study. So, it's a swipe file of work you did for one of your private clients. And then at the end of it, you pitch them to book a call. So, you hide the ascension within it. And so you're just selling a case study via cell as an order bump, but people love them and it helps with ascension inside your product. So anyways, little nugget for watching. Um 60. So he's probably making I wonder what his take rate is on his upsell. I don't know the upsell pages take rates, but this looks good. Your button change colors. I hate that. Drives me crazy. Was it orange? Orange on the front page. Oh yeah. Simple congruence. You need the congruence. I love that stuff. And then there, no check boxes on that. Like simple stuff like that. But like again, if you're over 50, 60, whatever. What's your target? What's yours on checkout? 50 60%. Yeah. Yeah. You know, 50 60. So it's like don't don't worry about these little You can hire some zero guy later to obsess over over that stuff. Here's the big one. Is it a book a call so somebody can do it instantly over personalized for you? See, again, this is how you do it. Customize. Welcome to the toolkit. Reaffirm. Congratulations. You got your thing. Amazing. In-house seven figure one. I don't like there's a code. Have chatt make the code that hides the stuff on your loop video. It I know it. It's a thing. I have it somewhere, but hide that. Upload it to Wistia and pay or or [laughter] Linux and pay $211 or whatever the cost is. Here's why. I'm giving you in-house system. Here's why I'm giving you an in-house seven figure one to many sales system. So now you're teaching them how to sell. Uh-uh. I don't think I I mean Yeah. No, not yet. This isn't my game. I bet. And I get clearly it's working but or a little bit. But what's the cost? 197 cuz now it's like we're going to have to educate them on believing in the one to many salesunnel which it already requires a lot of lift because you have to convince someone to be okay presenting. You have to convince someone to be okay. Um what I what I would have done here's what I would have done. Um let's see. So I would have literally got version do go. Sorry you were breaking up. I didn't hear yours. No. Go ahead. Okay. What I would have done is they now they have the offer. You're showing how to create the offer. I would simply show them how to present or pitch the offer anywhere. So instead of saying it has to be one funnel like you're doing here, you should help them with doing on sales calls, webinars, challenges in their group. pretty much just how to pitch it, how to present it depending on the funnel in a way that simplifies and like increases conversions. So instead of you selling them on a whole funnel build, I would have just done a instead and you're giving away a lot here. I know where you're trying to take people because he does done for you challenges on the back end, but I would just simply focus on the presentation and be like, hey, like you can have an amazing offer, but if you don't present it, if you don't describe it in a way that sparks the imagination and creates desire, uh it won't work. side be like create an offer about how to create desire for the offer in your pitch. So it's like this mechanism on like desire like how to generate automatic desire instant desire uh in the pitch whether you're doing challenges because think you're including everyone now but this you excluded everyone who doesn't want to do a challenge or webinar which is a huge demographic of the market. A lot of people don't like going and doing live events. They're super stressful a lot of work huge lift. there's so many objections you just added into this instead of making a product that includes everybody and then later you should introduce your done for you option where you just do it for them which everyone wants anyways no one wants to run a challenge themselves I mean you know this Austin like that's why they pay you so um that's what I would change yeah my thought is yeah for the next thing what is the next thing they need yes it's how do you how do you present it how does what is the acquisition source or whatever of that or model for that the other is you talked about content and these these other places, how do you do traffic to it? You could sell into there, what you're already doing, which is the sales system, but like how do you even get them to the phone? So, that's kind of after the fact of these other two. And then what I think for this and where I my mentally would go is like, oh, you just got how to simplify your offer or how to make the best offer, whatever. And it's like, oh, it's right here, but how do I do that faster? And it's literally I'll pay $197 for a 30-minute implementation call or an hourong implementation call for whatever dollar value where you have a coach. it kind of messes with fulfillment a little. So, I don't know what your team stack looks like. Um, but like that's what I would do like further implementation. Same information, further implementation as an upsell. Uh, you have so many levers you can pull with this because like once you have the offer or the idea that they're then going to be able to solve for the offer, it's like you can do it faster, you can do it quicker, you can have it done for you completely for a thousand bucks. I'll get on with you and I'll do the entire offer for you with you. Yep. Um, should all be about offers, then have separate funnels for challenges and everything later. But like this should all be about offers until the back end. Does he have another page on there or is this the last one? I'm going to click no thanks. I think it's the last one. Yeah. So, no downell. You should have a downell. Might as well have a pop-up down even though I click no thanks. So, it should pop it down. Yeah, exactly. And then just be like, hey, no. Okay, fine. And you get the same thing on a payment plan, a threepay plan that equals or a two pay plan that equals out to whatever 250 or 300. Yeah, three pay plan of 97 97.97, you know. Yep. Cancel, you know, you can get a refund. You don't get the value. Yeah, that's a good one. That's a good that's a has a lot of that has a lot of legs. I love stuff like that because I I truly like and I think a lot of people in the market that you're targeting are under the belief of like offer offer offer. So, if you're someone who can solve that, dude, like that right now resonates for me because I'm like, "Oh, if we crack this low cold low ticket offer, I don't think people understand that. It's like if they crack that cold low ticket offer, that cold whatever offer, like nothing else matters." Like, of course, everything else matters, but like that's such the core thing. So, you're saying low ticket funnels are most important funnel to have. I'm saying uh go to what is your thing? Offer publisher. Low ticket offers [laughter] one. I was trying to I'm trying to steal for you and I don't even know your link. I don't even know your link. So, [laughter] No, dude. I send so many people to you on the on both sides. So, your two things right now. Let's quick shill actually though. You have the beginner friendly, which is the people who ask a lot in the Q&amp;A. I'm like, oh, go here to learn how to do the expert plus marketer business model. And then I do think that there's another leg on there for operator, but that's that's a separate conversation. And then the other is you build these out for people, low tickets, full offers for people that are already what doing 100 grand a month basically. Yeah. Yeah. Like the last three people talked to all doing a million a month. And so we do it, we have the option where it's, hey, we're either going to publish you and do a performance-based deal where we're going to work with you and grow your business. Um, and then we also have the option for a lot of people watching your content or freelancers, copyrighters, you're trying to grow your skills and you're like, you know what, I want more ownership and control. I want I don't want my client breathing down my neck saying, "No, make order pump like this or change this." like if you want that um then we teach the path uh to build a business that way which I know your your partner Luke we interviewed on our channel he followed that similar model himself and look look at the award behind you. So there's you can definitely scale these businesses pretty far. He's put the 75 on and it's like slightly slightly tilted and it glues itself directly on the second you click it. Like I literally put a corner and it got stuck. It's a little bit jarred. It's fine. It's beautiful. It's all good. So anyways, there'll be a completely new one where it's already stuck on, please. Thank you. [laughter] All right, guys. Well, we'll do maybe do another episode. We'll make a better form. Make sure to leave your AOV. Make sure you give us all your stats. Like, we'll ask for it. Um, for the person who submitted one, we didn't get to it. Run spend more money on ads and then come to us so we can give you better feedback. But appreciate you all and thanks for watching. GG. Talk soon, guys. Bye. What's up, guys? We are back. Day 117, I believe, which is crazy. 117 days in a row. And we've got Josh Low ticket, Gavin. I like the name on here. And we're going to be doing live funnel reviews. So Josh has a great network. I pull or I push it out as well. We get some submissions in on a form. People are going to submit AOVs, CPAs, low ticket, different types of funnels, and then we just live review them. Sometimes nice, sometimes a little what do what do you call that? Soups and nut one. I love the comments. The last one go the last one. There's some funny funnels and it wants to be mean. It's just kind of funny. Yeah. No, none of this is mean, just FYI to everyone. This is like us just being candid about what we see, what we think. And like also sometimes ugly things work better than pretty things. But when it comes to the offer, it comes to the flow, comes to the economics. Like that's pretty that's pretty science-based. So let's kick it off, brother. Man, I think I think I have this live on X. So hopefully this is live on. It's live. 22. Yeah, we got to shout out you guys have links, DM them. One thing I know some of you guys watching this replay or on live, whatever. I know there's a lot of you guys you'd love for us to review your funnels and you're like, "But I Josh, I don't want you to share like the links or whatever." Um, hey, if you would rather us not share the links, be okay showing the design of the offer. Feel free to send it to us privately and let us know. We'll try to get you in on a future episode if we do another one and we'll try to keep it private. So, uh, we totally understand that as well. But we have a couple funnels in here uh that we'll go through. Uh again, I ask for as much data as possible, Ryan. Some people don't give it. Some people don't know. I think we had someone sign a client and they don't even access everything yet. We're reviewing their stuff, so they don't even know. But we're going to do the best we can here. But let me pull up and share my screen. Let me know you can see it. Oh yeah, guys. I'm nicotine. I'm caffeinate. Heck yeah. Get lit. I can't see anything. Let's get lit. Oh, shoot. Why can't I share? Wait, I might need to reset and rejoin low. No. Yeah, it's quit and restart. No. No. Come on. Share. [gasps] Let's see. I'm sorry, guys. At this point, I have nothing else to say other than Josh up. He's the best MC at these possible up until this moment. And now he's not the best MC. What do you guys think about doing these live like this? Are you good? Chat, you're good. What's up? Now your audio is all B. We're good now. I got it. Don't you worry. Don't you worry about it. You know, live is the move. We can just cut it up in Yeah. Clearly. Yeah. Yeah. Super good. The one time The one time exactly we go live is when there's like an edit. All right. Does it let you do it now? Let me I'm trying to get my mic shifted over here. Is that better? Check. Check. Check. That's fine. Yeah, it sounds okay. Sounds crispy. Yeah, it sounds It's not using the right mic. It's not using the right mic. What the freak, dude? Why? All right, we'll just get into it. Sorry, guys. It's a bad mic. You have to suffer through it. All righty. Let me share my screen again and we'll get into this. We got some funnels to review today. Um, let's see. Maybe got some We got some health ones. Maybe we'll just have Bisop. What do you think, Ryan? I wonder if we'll have we'll have ones here. Let it rip. All right. Can you see my screen now? Yes, we're good. All right. Now we're cooking. Now we're cooking. All right. So, first one up here, we have um Delta Funnels. Okay, let's see it here. So, we have their ad library. Let's see if that works. Uh, nope. They did not show the right link. So, ad library is not working. We cannot see their ads, Ryan, but we are going to see their funnel. Um, what do we know about this funnel? They've spent $60 on ads, so it's very new. We're just going to give you overall advice. Um, you have your current CPA 80. So buy one sale. A ob 350. This is INR, so it's not USD. Scale it. Scale it up. You want to spend more. 80 80 to 320. I don't even know what that is, but just scale it. [laughter] I know how it is. I want you to keep running it. Yeah, I think it's just fine. I don't know why you submitted it, but let's do [clears throat] it. It's doing great. Um, this is a better funnel that we've seen some of these. I like the check boxes. I just like click him for fun. You know you need to. Is that what those artists perform? Oh yeah, they are. Yeah. Yeah, they do. They don't do anything. It's a Russell Brunson thing. He did it before a long time ago. H long time ago. Oh, man. I got proof for whatever's on. Yeah. Got proof. Is it Is that compliant? I don't know. Not my problem. But okay. So overall powerful system easily turns into highly paid UX UI designer gets paid safety INR I think to one uh I don't know I really shouldn't I don't know that no experience needed no expensive courses no cheap clients ever okay this is we talked about the last one your guys' sub headlines need to be way more specific on what they're avoiding and don't just throw it out there and think it doesn't mean anything to me the sub headline carries more weight than the main headline because you're showing them all the things that it's not and that's the biggest thing to stand out. And so people obsess over the headline. I obsess over the sub headline. So it's like no expensive courses. Now you just put them in a mindset of thinking about the times they bought expensive courses. They're about to buy a course and even though yours isn't expensive, [laughter] they're now thinking negatively of like, oh, when I purchase education before. You see, Ryan? So it's like you got to think about what this does to people when they're going through it. And then you know the no experience needed that's fine like without I do without saying without needing any experience dealing with clients who are headache or like clients who don't pay you know pay you enough for your work um you know without any startup costs. You can say something like that like instead of expensive courses be more specific on what it is they're avoiding and what makes this different without is it without sales calls? Can they do this without competing on job boards? Like what is really making uh it stick out? So I like that the job job boards one. Yeah. Can you scroll through the page? I want to see. So like it looks like it's like a bundle of ebooks products based on that. So what will you do now? That's a little You know how I feel about design on stuff like that. I'd even it out. Make sure it's like have you should like Yeah. It's like the whole sultanic trying to make it simple, but it's almost the wrong It's almost the wrong way around, right? where it's like, yeah, it's longer. Yeah, I guess it's like a result list, but yeah. Okay. Yes, I will become I don't know who the demo is or like but there's some grim like grammar or capitalization, some simple stuff. Just very simple doesn't necessarily mean it's going to break it. Button don't have a moving button. It's annoying the freak out of me. It's going to annoy people. Only system you will ever need now. Um, there's some stuff there that's a little just like only system you'll need to achieve outcome, not now to get this thing you want. This is the only system you need to blah blah. And then obviously capitaliz it's called the 1% designer system is like the Yeah. USP. Okay. What's the system? What's the button do? Oh, it's a much longer page. Got it. Yes. We got Okay, I'm curious on mobile. I should look at mobile what this looks like. What were those examples? What happens with the system? You get messages. Where should I send the payment? That sounds like a good one. Yeah. No, that's good. That's I think that's what it means. Like you're saying if you buy this then you get these outcomes. Uh yeah. All right. Says I don't think you need to do this. I think you can just you just say like, "Hey, when you use this, you're going to, you know, have clients wanting to pay you." Uh, you know, they're not going to like they don't they won't have to think about it. They're just going to want to get started right away. Um, clients wanting to, you know, hire you more than once. um inbound client, you know, like selling outcomes better than just this cuz then you have to they're kind of doing the math or trying to instead of creating the imagination for them. You're making them try to imagine themselves, which is just I'd rather just tell them what's going to happen. Crazy, right? No, you don't want to make crazy, right? Assuming that they don't think it's crazy cuz then you're trying to like it feels force. It's like, dude, isn't that crazy? Like Ryan, dude, like is that so sick? It's like me asking for a compliment. I'm like baiting like trying to get Ryan to be like, "Ryan, isn't it cool that I've just crossed 2,000 subscribers and everyone watching this should go subscribe me so I can pass Ryan?" Dude, is that so cool, Ryan? It's like Ryan's just going to hang up because I'm poaching his audience and asking for a compliment. So, you see, you see, you don't want to do that. Meta that just happened right there. So, go through this. What's the next one? Testimonial section. Testimonials and then just more and then No, no. So, there you go. Okay. So, there's the stack. Here we go. Now, we're getting some stack here. UI resource value. I like the design. Like your mockups are nice. You want to go up. So what are Yeah. What are the core ones on this? Yeah. Right there. So I think this is the main playbook. So learn how to build them. Learn the secret to designing them. Okay. So it's UI chunks. The next one is there's the MA UX master guide. Okay. So you got UI plus UX. That's the core. And then it's ultimate Figma. I think it's so funny because I think people can like literally sell like you can't sell that on its own like UI mistakes and fixes or like the case study the case study template the one up there like the Figma playbook or whatever that was called Figma pack like sell those left and right so today only $2.99 now Ryan there's a big issue I wonder if you noticed this too with this offer and for everyone watching this you can think about this for yourself too maybe if you're making this mistake too but we see a lot of language on like getting clients now clients want to pay you and this this and that, but I haven't seen the connection to how like I will get clients by purchasing the Figma mistakes or Figma pack or like I don't see the connection of how the learning how to design is going to get more clients. I can be the best designer in the world and no one's going to pay me which is like designer's biggest issue. Yeah, it's a client info coaching. It's like get clients then it's like productize and be better at your service and then it's like scale, right? So [laughter] about getting if this is about getting clients, it has nothing to do with getting clients on page. So your stack is flawed. Uh this would be like get clients, get better at design, they want to pay you more and make you testimonials and like scale build a team to and outsource all the work. Like that's why I see the upsell flow. Did he talk about what the system is? That's a good question. It's the number one system though. It's the top. It's the only system you need. I know that 1% system right there. What is it? Okay. Okay. Here we go. Project. Stand out in interviews. Land highp paying jobs. Recruiters saying you're hiring. Yeah, that's like kind of in the right direction, I feel like. But it's like implying like you have to get good at designing before we can get hired. And people like, shoot, I have to learn all this stuff and get good at design and then I'll get hired. It's like I would rather do like an MV I would do like an offer where it's like uh MVP portfolio or something like how to build a minimum viable portfolio that wows clients like super easy. It's like uh you know instant portfolio where it's like we're going to show you download. Yeah. Like white label our portfolio and templates that you can instantly wow. But like I get it. And then how you fulfill it is you just subcontract us [laughter] and then you just do it. Dude, people do that. People do that crush with it. Yeah. So anyways, you explain the system more. All the ad run ads scale it up. Uh I think we're good on this Ryan. There's a lot that you know once we have more data it be better but so what is that is that top or is that second page second page check out different I don't know what did it just do second page looks like yeah yeah so again more stuff on designs we already signed up a ton of design stuff like these people want clients dude like I know designers like my designers they love me cuz I sent them a lot of deals but before that they were like competing on trying to be really come good designers and I know amazing designers ers like the amazing amazing funnel designers who have no work because they just don't want to put themselves out there and become better known. And that's like the biggest flaw. Like a lot a lot of designers are going to be behind the scenes and designing and they're they're more introverted and really good at like just seeing stuff. They're not like the runner out, hey look at me, blah blah blah blah. Like those are the copyriters. Um and so these people they need a way where they can be loud and become better known without like feeling like they're having to like do the dance. So I think if you generation order bump is not colors and typegraphy. No, it's I'm flipping it. I'm literally going to take the if you're if I'm in their shoes, I'm taking this whole offer. This is now an upsell one or two and I'm making the front end around what I said like MVP portfolio or mockup where it's like get clients like here's how to wow clients as a complete beginner with only like like a simple portfolio and like you don't need to have a bunch of experience. You don't need results because I was like holy crap. Then if you can fulfill on that then great. But that's what I would do if I'm in your shoes. Yep. I do like the two steps. Usually if you go down on that little is that a down cell as a as a radio. Razor pay. Oh no, it's the addition. I You added the upsell. I was like I thought the was one. Okay. And then what were his stats? He said they were like um reworking it, but yeah, he spent spent $60, which is like five. So any current CPAs 60 to make 350 I mean yeah you can or 80 to make 350. I mean obviously something's working. I don't know what the upsell track is and I don't think you have links on them but keep running it. It's like a rebuild for sure if you're going to do what Josh said. Um but I think it's probably more scalable and more realistic for your market to do what Josh said. So leaning into doing acquisition and how to make it easier to get good clients first. Then you can productize. You can do that. That's literally the classic info coaching stack. So yeah, especially like and then uh big thing is you're selling Indian market if they're selling to states other places. A big thing like talking to a lot of my uh team members who I got one of my my really good team members fulfillment partners um is he's from India and one of the biggest things like mindset wise like feeling you're not good enough just because you're not from a first world country which is not true at all. And so one big thing is like mindset wise building their confidence and how to like reshame re reshape how they look at themselves which helps with converting clients. So you can add that as a bump I would say in there. So um cool. Anything else? Yeah. No, no, no. What you got on these other ones? All right. So let's pull. We look we got an ad library. Let's see if this is this one we don't have any uh Is this Yeah. Yes. Yeah. This is not my offer. You probably know who they are. Yeah. Okay. Let's see here. This is not my offer. Oh, so it's women weight lo weight loss. Yeah, I know. I know nothing about that. So yeah, I'll step it. I got you guys. Women over 45 classic. Okay. [clears throat] Dang, bro. Dang. This is me going, "Wait, does offer know Andrew?" I do know Andrew. I know the guy who had his offer. I'm pretty sure he I I don't know. I think he exited his offer. Uh but he sold it or like left it. I know. I don't know how much we can say, but I think he gave up a percentage of the company to somebody else. Got it. All right, let's check those pages. Looks like a free training or looks like a VSSL funnel. All right. So, we got landing page. Go to Now we're talking my speed. I think every single one we've done of these except one have been low ticket cuz everyone just I posted it to everyone just low ticket follow ticket. Okay. Um let's look at the He also said uh emails. Can you write two or three short emails? Oh, and he's asking you to do that for him. I Yeah, I can't write emails for you, bro. I'm not an email writer. AI is though. Just I just write all my emails. AI booking page. Can you look at our page? We'll book and give some simple ideas. Okay. So, we don't know much about it. We're just going to give overview. Ryan, you're a big call booking guy. What do you think of this old? You remember the Sam Ovens funnel template, bro? That's what this is. That is Yeah. Session happening soon. Is wait. So, is it a is it a web? It is. Just in time web. Yeah, just in time. This offer did make decent money from what I know. Like enough to be able to like sell it or sell a percentage of majority of it. So, it is a good resetting your metabolism. Uh um yeah, I mean design-wise, yeah, this is OG. Again, ugly stuff works. So, I'm not even going to comment on the design because it is what it is. But like what's what's the copy on there? This weight loss release. It's a brand new release. That's probably I wonder if that's compliant. That's smart. Weight release. That's sneaky. You're not losing weight, you're just releasing it. FTCally re release weight for good without shakes, pills, powders, fat dieting, or intense exercise. So, that's good. I mean, that's that's on brand. Um, why focusing on weight? Can you scroll a little? Sorry, my face is in the way. Yeah. Oh, shoot. Focusing on weight loss and counting calories backfires by releasing weight becomes harder and harder with every diet. How intense calorie? Yeah. I mean, it's solid. We worked with over 2,200 people. 62 I hate when there's like again I don't even have to comment on the design because [clears throat] again sometimes ugly things work but like I like we have a page right now that I built which is ugly and I'm like not proud of it and it's outperforming everything right now and it's like just hurts my soul but it looks like this. Um okay so and then it's what it's just reserve spot now that's it and then they then they go to calendar. This is crazy. OG. This is getting so many app on there. Uh, is it built into there? It must be after I figure time. Oh, man. Giving away all your sauce right now. Yeah. Everyone email me. I can't wait to get emails. Everyone want my number, too. Here you go. Call me, too. I dare you. I have two. I have two, though. This is better. Oh, yeah. There you go. Okay. So, we go. Honestly, someone trying to sell me something. Honestly, call me. I want him to get sold. I love cold emails. I love cold text. I opt into everything. What was he asking? What What are his questions about this? So, he's taking over the book page. We don't know, dude. He probably as a client. So, sorry. I don't have access to any of their stuff. Give simple ideas to help more people actually book. So, the help people help more people actually book is going to exist on the webinar that we did not see. So, you want to watch? No, I don't want to watch the webinar right now. But it's going to be on the webinar. So depending on I mean right that like to try and give some value here. Yeah. Like again everything everything that's a funnel. Everything in the funnel. So you're going to have your ads, your cost per click, your whatever. We already saw your ads look whatever relatively solid. We don't know the numbers on them. So you can't really give any feedback. They land on this page. What percentage of them then become, you know, webinar optins. Then how many of those people show up for it? So what kind of email sequences exist? what kind of framing exists that makes it so they actually show for the thing that's in one minute or 30 minutes or whatever. Okay, optimize for that rate. Then once they're on there, what is the pe what is the conversion of people that actually are on the webinar live and or come from replay or whatever that then actually book a call. If that portion is what's broken and you think that these other ones are good because the economics or the whatever, then all you have to solve for is the webinar. Like very simply put, I know a ton of people right now that are cranking webinar to direct to cart. So I don't know what kind of offer stack you have on the back, but like if you can sell something that's 500, a,000, 2,000 basically caps out at 2,000 depending on how you're looking at it, but like thousand ones are cranking right now. Pay plan ones are cranking right now through that. And then having your onboarding call focused around ascension and pushing them to your high ticket coaching, like I've heard that is I mean I've seen that that is absolutely crushing. So I don't I I have no information on where to help you with what you are trying to fix on this right now. What was the other question? Can you write emails for what? Booking. Can we write to get people to like book a call like show up for the Is that what the first question actually was on there? Yeah, I think it was a email. Can you write two or three short emails that get people excited and curious to watch our So yeah. So they're having an issue with getting people to show for it. It sounds like because who [clears throat] else would they be emailing unless they're cold emailing? So yeah, it sounds like you have multiple things right there. So framing to get them to actually want to show emails, reminders, all that stuff. You need to optimize the [ __ ] out of that to get them on the free training. And then once they're on the free training, it sounds like you also are having an issue of conversion rate to booking, which can either be offset and like you don't have to play the volume of booking games if you don't want to. Um, what was the range on the booking widget? Was it two days or was it looked I feel like it was further, but I don't remember. Uh, you want to rebook again? No, just go back. You don't have to rebook. [snorts] I'll leak my information again. No, you don't have to opt. Oh, I mean, I guess you can opt in. You're going to get all the opting page. Oh, yeah. Sorry. [laughter] Okay, here we go. This is a mess. Um, that's too far. That's way too far. So, you don't have same day available. I don't know what time zone, but you don't have same day and you're going out four days. Your show rates are probably no bueno as well. So, couple little plugs here and I bet it just flips on its head and works fine. Yep. And then other thing too, best time to run a webinar is not on like right now we just do it where it's 8:00 p.m. EST. Uh, and we run it every day. So, it's always on it's on demand or it's like just in time, but it's a set time. It's not just like one minute. So, that gives people time to prepare. They're done working. They can sit at home. They can watch it. So, split test times as well because it's like, dude, what if I'm busy on it's like one minute. It said like it started like in 1 minute or something like that. Yeah. What does the next one do? Probably see. Let me reset it and see if it resets the third like it's kind of it's it's like a VSSL. You might as well just go right to like what you made direct application at that point. Like you're pretty much just doing it. I don't know. I haven't run these in a very long time. We ran this in 201 19 I think that we had something like this that existed and I was part of the team fully and we were running this. It was a 497 auto web and there was no ascension, there was no nothing. It was literally just like existed on the site and we would get like two, three units a day and we were like, "Oh, I wonder if we should run paid to this." Um, that's awesome. And then we brought to So, I don't know. I mean, there's not enough context to really like be able to directly help. But yep. All right. Um, so this next one here, what's the other problem? So, they just said, uh, just for the front of now, super new offer. Only spent 320 on ads. to really say got 13 sales out of which nine were tests. So for so for the four sales about four [laughter] yeah let's not count the test purchases and the total sale count. Um, all right. So, we have four 320 or is it out of these four? I think one or two are people are past customers. That's okay. On past customers, depending on what your flow is, that happens all the time. Like our low ticket, for example, like we'll do 50% of them are existing leads in the CRM because we have a massive CRM over years of data. So, when we want when we launched our low ticket, um I like pages like this honestly a lot. Um, but yeah, so that it having past customers purchase is not really an issue unless the only thing you're going to sell them is into the thing that they already own, then that's an issue. So like for us in the like when I'm saying they already exist in the CRM, they're not past purchasers, they're past leads that are coming through that we paid for through the VSSL opt-in funnel, the direct application funnel, a month later, two years later, they come back, they buy the low ticket thing, and it's like their reintroduction, and they go from lead to buyer, which is like a good thing. and then you transition them, they're generally warmer. They already have the consumption. They already have that stuff. So, like that's a good thing. It's just like just know that those are different stats and the cost per purchase on those is much different than it is on straight up cold traffic. So, you haven't scaled anywhere near high enough to get out of your pocket of warm. So, your stats right now are going to be buffered and look different than they're going to look when you're scaled into cold. So, um haven't started working on this offer yet. This is so funny. So, these guys are all just like guys who are landing these offers and haven't run them. Yes sir. We got a lot of If you guys want your phone reviewed, we'll leave the audit. You should leave the link in the your description below if we want to do more. If you guys want to be featured, might have it below. Um, so personal development, three days, one powerful shift rewrite. So it's like mindset biggest thing is like you're earning. Oh, you're earning power. So it's like money. It's related to money. You're out here crushing goals. Okay. There's voice in your head. So it's like mindset. Here's what Lorice used to sound like. How does the intro still sound more hustle shifting way you see yourself? So I immediately I'm like this mechanism isn't like irrational enough or like unique enough where it's like going to stand out a ton. I don't know, Ryan. Like I I just feel like I've heard I know I'm in the market, but like first of all, like just rewiring the voice and running the show. Like I'll be the one. Dude, I was on with Luke earlier and he was like, "You'll get this book." And it was like along the lines of this, right? And it was like talking about like reframing and how that's all or rewiring and how that always matters and constantly coming back to baseline. So like there is obviously the market that hits it. I just don't know if the wording around this. So like what was the first one? Sorry. The voice that got you here. Okay. the power over pressure. Own it, see it, own it, shift it, and then the identity is a strategy. Um, I think you can do a little better with like USP language within there. Um, when you install the system, I hate GHL popups. Next, identity match [laughter] your goal. I dude, I don't I don't But again, uh, ugly things convert. Ugly things convert. So, um, all right. And then so if you go to the top, stupid simple thing, but the uh video player, not a vibe. So if you refresh that page, oh yeah, I don't know if you can track what your view rate is on whatever that is. Looks like Vimeo, but so get on V V Turb, get on Vidalytics, get on Wistia, get on something that has that like video autoplay, stupid simple thing, but like just increases your play rate to like 95% like people are on page for a reason. Has the text already showing on page, which I like that you're doing that. you're already out here crushing goals. You're already out here doing this, this, this. Like, if that video is good enough, it can do the whole it can do the whole selling process for you. Like, you don't like people just zoom through the page. Let's make it a good conversation that you're having in your own head. Like, I like the idea of it. I mean, crazy. You know what this is missing? This is missing a narrative or um I think Yeah, it's like I think about I'll use Iman Godzy's example because he I feel like he's like the king of or his team or whoever's doing it these days. really good narratives and like themes. I know Allan Sultan called like a theme where it's like this overarching theme that carries throughout the whole funnel. So like Iman, he'll take like his same thing and he'll like car like the same product has a new theme with it. It's remote revolution or it's like the one thing and a great reset like this theme that's going through and it's like it's so like catchy a theme and an angle where it doesn't he doesn't talk about the mechanism but the theme kind of carries it well with personal development. Look at Tony Robbins. All's events have these themes like the something something event the it's like this big grand theme and it's like the theme sells it why it should show up and sells the outcome without talking too much about the mechanism. So with personal development, I think having a theme and a narrative is big. Uh, and so like one of the themes we're coming up with one of our offers is like the tipping point. And so it's like, oh, and I'm not going to go detail what that is, but we have a theme that's going to carry through with that. And we're not going to even talk too much about the mechanism on the front end, but we're selling like this narrative on the front end. So I think you just need more clear on what your theme is. Like Tony Robbins and then he had not really any stats on it. Yeah, I mean test sales. Um, we got to bet we I don't know if we You said earlier it's like people probably don't want to share their links. So like it's kind of hard to do this other than if we just pull other people's links, but if we pull other people's links, we also don't have the data. So it's like I don't know proper way for us to get data to like actually help these public if people aren't going to share. Oh, there we go. 5 to 7K spent. Yeah, we got one $1,700 new client. Thank you. Spoke it into existence. Thank you that page for teaching me. All right. Um, are you serious about scaling your e-commerce brand? That looks like a career need content now. All right. So, what's going on here? You're looking to create grow with high performance uh high performing ad creative. You know what's you know what's kind of immediately comes out to me is like I had no idea this was like targeting an e-commerce owner. Me either. As I said, I thought I thought it was like career based. I thought it was like an Upwork ad. Oh, nothing about this implies it's to a brand art. It doesn't even show a Shopify logo. It doesn't show a dashboard. It doesn't show anything that signal like something that a Shopify person would relate to. So, immediately an issue cuz like you want to, you know, we're at the event in Dallas and Eddie uh shared how like some of their best ads are when like the real estate professionals film in their environment that their freaking customers are in. like in front of the home, front of the garage or I have a friend who does a fitness and he does corporate America. So he always films in front of like a random corporate building where like the people are working like it connects to them. So immediately your creatives are there's nothing creative uh uh send blue they always do the funniest one right now. They're crushing and then more in this in our world his ads like Ravi Abu Abalo. Yeah. I have him. Oh, he's coming on the pod next week, by the way. He's coming on next. Cole, he was one of the first interviews back on your page the other day. Um, but all to say, he has an ad that's static and it's a screenshot of the Hyros dashboard and it's just showing the uh initial source and it just says YouTube and it's like his it's his back office of them getting all high ticket clients coming from first source click um YouTube organic and like only if you know do you know. So like I'm not in physical e-commerce but like triple whale for example or like like I don't know what exists in the back to show you like what content shows that it got a 5x return or whatever but like using the ravi example if you had something like that where like an e-commerce person saw it and was like oh that came from organ I don't even know what you're trying to sell you're trying to sell high performing ad creatives so just like rorowaz like literally having dashboards that show rorowaz and like that are specific in triple whale or in hyros or in whatever. Yeah. So like you know even having like this is random percentage looked up but even this like it shows like some examples of UGC and like rorowass CPM things are calling out to who they are. Um yeah like these people like there's a lot of people they'll show like examples of creator creatives too. It's like UGC ads. They'll do video stuff. So you're competing against this like thing competing against this. Learn how to turn product photos into winning ad creators in minutes. Never pay for designers again. Yeah. So, your ads need to and your offer needs to compete with this. Yeah. I see those all the time. That right there where it's like after before AI, after AI, the UC ones where it shows like a canvas of like multiple UGC's, like one core product and then shows like, you know, eight different faces on there. I don't know what the actual offer is. Do they have the lander on there? This one? No. No. In the in the Oh, yeah. We can get to that. Yeah, we can get I just want to see what they're actually selling to see if we can back into it. Yep. $250 booked call $17,000. Like it looks techy now. It goes from being like it looks like software. Yeah, software. as I book a call and I'm like e I'm out like that though is right direction right this should be your creatives bro like why aren't you showing the numbers on the creatives like this should be your ad bro 100% I would get more interested on that yeah agreed agreed agreed multiple for hooks what is that like gas I don't know why this is so satisfying I'm just going to [laughter] Dang. I love how those sites like this. I'd never like put much special love in his sightes. That's great. I love it. Um, yeah. I mean, I like the page. I like the page. It definitely looks software. I'm going to be honest, but like that doesn't necessarily need to be creatives. Why aren't these plan results? I mean, those don't have row like if you can get triple whale screenshots moving and grooving on like what actual like layer those in the front. What is ads? Um, what did he even Sorry, I cut you off. I just want to go. Does it say? Okay, so free. This dasher makes me like AI wrote this, but uh, elevate your strategy. Elevate your ad strategy. I don't really think that's what they say. Like I think you wrote this with a AI. Yeah, I think you did too. Nor do those creatives connect to that software. It doesn't. Also, here's the thing, Ryan. If you're selling creatives, you kind of have to have really good creatives. Like I know when I sell to like marketers, like if I'm selling to other marketers, I have so much pressure that my ads need to like be so like sometimes what convinces them is just the fact they have a really unique ad or like something impresses them. Like, huh, that's good. So, you need creators that like are going to wow these people to show that you're legit. Whereas this, it's like, are they just going to make me captenerated images? Um, so I don't know. I think your page looks great. I'm more so like on the ad side. Um, this is better like meme style. These work really well for us. Yeah. Um, so at least that's better. You know, even that even if it was that with the the crazy behavior that's crazy behavior, but like overlay even those like ad types though. But if the whole thing is like that is not at all that there you go. That is that is more similar to the actual website, right? where it's like branding where it's like call outs where it's bright colors. Look at Yeah, that's that's I don't know, but I would literally like my images would just say it's free. If you're doing something a free thing, I would just say like free ad like I would just show like what if you get creatives look like this for free and then show your creator as like I don't know like it's you're doing a free offer. So it shouldn't be super easy hook and copy. I don't think you need AI to write write this stuff for you. It's like that that theme and branding of that video ad except there's no testimonials or like case study or like anything in there which is very interesting to me. So like you have them all on the website. I don't know why you're not using them. I also do like the graphic that's on the side. Again, it also doesn't matter like cuz ugly graphics work, pretty graphics work. Like different ads that could be the nicest looking ad like doesn't necessarily work. But like having that that's more in alignment and then what happens when they click to the page? It goes over to that page right there and then there's a book a call. Yeah. So they click over the page it goes to this page. And then it's book a call. Start with our scale system and it's get started. Is that compliant? I don't think so. But whatever. The other thing I do is I've been compliant in my life. But you can say imply scarcity without for1 to 20 million Shopify brands. Like that's amazing. I don't know why they're not using that. also small thing and you're not going to change your whole company, but that like BMW/BBWM thing is like kind of confusing and it kind of looks like BMW ads, but just saying. Um, and then he said he said $1,700 cost per client, which is like solid. I mean, you can get that down obviously, but for $250 calls, which means a $250 call with a $1,700 is a 15% sales per booking. So, you're making 2x on the front. you're you're in the LTV business, so you know, keeping someone for 10 months. I don't know what your retainers are, but pretty solid. And 15% sales for booking is interesting because it's not like a high ticket call funnel. Um, so yeah, it's all different. Yeah. So, I don't know because that means, you know, for us in our math, that's like a 50% show rate and a 30% live call close. 15%, right? Because it's those blended. Yep. So, it should definitely be higher than that. But $250 call booked for someone who's likely a pretty large client depending on what they're seeing on site. I think your AOV I mean your AOV is different than your LTV, but it doesn't sound like it's bad. So some tweaks on creative to get that cost per call to 150 bucks or whatever and then dialing in the sales process. I don't know what your offer is too where you're getting an AOV for 35 3500 but you're saying it's free for 30 days. I don't know if that's like postpurchase but kind of sounds like there's a little bit of stuff in the economics that you can tweak. Yeah. Um, crazy thumbnail here. My buddy, we we put together offer my local agency buddy here in uh in Minnesota getting free free ad creative and this is just like the hook that's working super well. So, I'll play it just a text. You guys can read it and see it. But it's it's just like this. That'd be good. So, it goes claim. There you go. Testimonial. Oh, shoot. Who's that? Who's that? So yeah, that that's great. That I mean testimonial. They have all these testimonials. Hand them with testimonials. Then explain a little bit more like see like here why it's like hey we're looking you know this I'll shoot at it. Here's your offer. Blah blah blah. I won't do all luckily he's local. I wouldn't sh but you can you know rent something like that uh and just do that for your offer. That'd be sick. So, anything else on that? No, no, I think that's a good one. It's a cool I mean, I like the I like the business. I just don't know. Again, the whole hard part about doing these is it's kind of constantly shifting, dude. You don't have enough information to like because they could be crushing it. There could be like one metric that's broken or like one part part of the flow that's broken that you're like, "Oh, duh. If you change this or shoot, his $250 call, is that like actual calls? Like if you made it a two-step option to that if you did it as a case study demo versus direct to book a call which is isn't even book a call. It's a form fill that has a ton of questions and then you have to then refill to likely then book a call and it's like could you make it less friction? Could you add more consumption with something that's like a case study VSSL walkthrough? Could you could you could you like I don't I don't have enough data but yeah so if you guys want if we ever doing these again we'll leave the form below. Give us more data. Uh, if you want things to be private, let us know. Um, but if you obviously there's a lot of lessons here you can take away from it. You probably maybe saw something we mentioned in this and you're like, "Oh, frick. I didn't my creatives aren't calling my audience or suit my offer on the front end. I'm talking about getting clients, but it has nothing to do with getting like whatever it may be." Think about some of those things that you may have in your funnel and try some new split tests and put it to use. Some little nuggets you can put out there and increase your conversions potentially. Raw. What else is fun and up? Or should we just pop? I mean, I've heard some cool stuff like some stories like some I won't like just cool things are working. When you talk about that, what cool things are working? Webinars to $250 products. Really? Yeah. Live two automated daily in. Yeah, it's like later in the day. It's like a few hours later. Um, and they're doing email market $250. Nothing else on the back end. 2.5 return. Spending 5K a day right now. Last I heard. Um, not going to say who or what market cuz no, it's a publisher. It's off publisher. Shot off publishing. Took somebody from zero. Literally, this is a nobody. Made them into somebody on cold traffic and then also helped with organic now. And so they took the model. It took like a nobody and did that and they started with like mini chat ads to ever webinar and they were just running that and it's a female market which is huge. It's a unique kind of mechanism as well which I think helps like the fact it's a female market not having competition allows them to compete in those economics. So their cost per lead is very low. So my thought is now I'm looking like what is a marketer who's not out of competition that I can publish somebody who's a female and do a $250 product and run that auto web because like dude the fulfillment it's just like $250 product there's no fulfillment costs the runs and it obviously you hear that oh what a dream business I don't have to do anything of course there's going to be issues that come later but like dude that's that's pretty crazy I did not think that auto web could work and $250 the economics it only worked because their cost per lead was like it's like $2 or something. Yeah. So, I thought that was pretty interesting. I thought that was really interesting. I heard one today that someone's spending mid four figures and is doing like a four to 5x on a front end of supplements right now. It's like bringing back that game. So, bundles and doing all that, it's like a distraction me and us like just does not make sense for us to do right now. like oh and this and this and this and then like supplements haveing fulfillment when would I focus I have a whole new approach that we have decided on that we're going into so we're going to do ours that's going to be we're going to start we're going to start back end so it's going to be post-purchase of the coaching we're going to start there just because I don't want to f I don't want to try and sell direct to cart and then try and bridge and whatever like right now it's like how do we make more LTV for the current entry flow it's like we're optimizing entry flows we have multip different acquisition models. We have XYZ. Let's get the cost per purchase to X through those. Once we have those up and cranking, want to crack a cold one specific, a cold uh buyer funnel, so like a low ticket, and then a lead cold that's like proper uh because we currently have our main and then we have multiple of those, multiple brand faces, blah blah blah, distribution or uh diversification. Then going to layer in doing the other pieces of supplements, things like that. And there's some other things that we're talking about doing. But then I think that once we have it hammered out and we can do the fulfillment of those things well because I don't trust that we're going to be able to like right off the rip just like rip it on direct response ads and fulfill on it in two seconds. Like I think that's going to be a lot more difficult than I just want to distract. So, we're gonna wait until I don't know six million a month. Six million a month or something or adding adding in that next level like the supplements and what would that take you to 10 with those in addition? Yeah, likely. Yeah, that makes sense. That makes sense. I mean, because supplements are only it's way lower ticket, right? It's just like the MR game. So, like at that time, will we be in the direction of 10? Yes. Are we actually going to just like flip a switch and then go from five or six to 10? No. But in like a in a 90 to 180. Yeah, I would assume so. So like we're doing that. I mean, we're at 800 on the month. Let's say the seventh. So seventh. And we had three days of like we had three days of non-existent because of the holiday. Yeah, dude. Okay, let's talk about that. Why? You should have done a video on this. Did you do a video on You did? All right. I don't watch. I said holidays. I said holidays ruin call funnels. Here's how to fix it. [laughter] Okay. You're running out of idea. I don't watch YouTube. I'm fasting for so I don't know what you're posting but with your Yeah, I'm fasting. It's I'm just doing I have a goal. It's like I want to hit this and then I'll get YouTube but on one eat again. [clears throat] Yeah. Yeah. I'm I'm only drinking protein shakes until I you know I get my YouTube back. But the call like holidays did you guys try to deflect at all? Like do you ever do like or like Christmas? What do you thinking ahead? We're coming towards Thanksgiving Christmas. How is your company like prepared for that in the past? You learning lessons. Kind of thinking ahead here because we're getting we're getting close to it. What? [sighs] Reframe. Reframe. It's summer, right? We're enjoying summer. Things are great right now. We're going to enjoy summer and all these info people are going to get out. All a sudden, frick. We're Q4. Thanksgiving's coming up. Then we got Christmas. Call funnels are like historically annoying then. So, thinking ahead just to help people start thinking ahead here. like what can we start preparing for? Call funnels are just a different beast. It's like you either choose to burn the cash or you choose to burn the opportunity cost and it's like one of the two because people are going to buy on those days. It's like the same way that if you have like outside of work hours call availability. Like there are people that work during the day and can never take a call and buy from you because the only way they can buy thing is over the phone and they can't do it during the workday. So like they have to have it outside of that. So there's very similar where like we always laugh cuz like Super Bowl for example, you will have extremely low like show rates, live call, close once that like kicks off, but literal kicks off. Um but during that you have all the you know 40 to 60 year old women that sit there and they'll opt in and you have like crazy good rates in terms of like ad clicks or scrolling. So the direct to cardart stuff so I've heard crushes during these kind of times when people are just on their phone. Like there's not really a time and a holiday and whatever where people are like off their phones nowadays. No. So, you know, so it's not like it's like the market doesn't shut down. So, ecom guys crush it in those zones. We're in fitness. Fitness is notoriously not good in Q4 unless you have a complete framing thing around like the anti of what's going on, but then supposedly we get it all back when we hit Q1 because you get the January stuff which is like window before people fall off. So, like our entire goal is to make things evergreen. But my video was basically around like how can you create revenue, you know, stealing Iman's framing or phrase, but like revenue generating events. Like he does revenue generating events, which you guys I know you do like we do. Yeah. So we do Black Friday, Cyber Monday, and we do uh Christmas in July basically. We don't actually call it that, but like same thing. It's like a six month part range. And started today. Oh, gonna be a nice little month. Yeah, started today. So we'll only do ours. So, uh, this one right here is internal only. So, meaning renewals only. So, we do a massive push internal. We do internal contests. We do, uh, we have pointbased system for sales reps that incentivize them to work on holidays because when you're doing the call funnel, you have two you have twofold. You have, so I'm talking more on like a let's use Fourth of July example. So, when you have that, you have your team that doesn't want to work. So, you have availability that goes like this. And then you have the client base or the potential clients that don't want to book a call across this range because they're on a boat or they're going here, they're going there. So, it's like you have both of those playing against you and you have a 50k day ad budget humming daily filling your calendars and then you have a three-day lull. So, it's like what happens now? It's like you leave it, you cut a little or you cut a ton and it's like you try and go to like 10k days and you turn off all your like performing [ __ ] and then all of a sudden you have to try and ramp it back up when a day in, three days in on the last day and then try and fill calendars for Monday where you have 300 open spots and over the weekend you have 80 open spots. So it's like generally speaking looking at the math it kind of makes most sense to continue to spend into it. Cut the waste, cut the testing, cut the whatever is like not working. So, like don't just full bore it, but like continue on. Um, and like this isn't 100% my realm, but like we had a conversation about this and that's exactly what we decided to do. We made some like pretty normal cuts on stuff that was like not directly performing or that was kind of sitting in creative testing. The other thing with Call Funnels is the time from lead to call, time from lead to close. So, like you're still spending in. It's not like it's going to like a page that just can't accept payment. They just potentially are landing on a page to book a call and it's not there a not then available. So making sure you use the data properly so you get all the leads, you get all the apps and making sure that you're emailing them or your setters are hitting them or whatever is happening so that they can be optimiz can make it into the bookings just like not on those days. So we'll do that kind of like the front end portion. We incentivize sales reps to work by giving them 1.5x points. So we have a pointbased system for like bonus pools. So they get 1.5x for weekends and holidays and we'll like aggressively kind of amp into that so that they want to work there and hit bonus it want to work those hours and hit bonuses. And then the other one is yeah those revenue generating events for July. Ours is just internal. So we'll just hammer it home that it's like you get a second year or two more years or whatever at a discounted rate. We do it once uh we do it for a week and that's it. And it's just like submit a form, book a call if you want to talk about financing or whatever, but just like or click here and just charge my card on file, fill out an order form direct. And it's like big like today we have Yeah. Insane. That's awesome. Incentives. Incentives. Incentives in either direction because you got it's just like and we're not a specials company at all. Like if anything, our pricing just continues to go up. Even our special this year is the highest it's ever been because our even our special pricing continues to rise. So, it's like we aren't, you know, the cheapos uh in the market by any means, but we're also not like top tier, most expensive, whatever, no specials ever, whatever. We we try and leverage both. So, we did try and change the framing on low ticket to be like Fourth of July special and then just leave the same percentage off and like it kind of got some there was like some effect, but like instantly kind of turned it off. So when you incent you talk about incentivizing the sales team or whatever I always wonder how do you incentivize like CMOs or the marketers like for like our entire blended one is on CPA so CPA yeah so it's like a blended metric so it doesn't exist like in a in like a vacuum of that event for example but like we have blended numbers so you're talking about like overall marketing like yeah like on your low ticket like so I'm thinking about like with a set of just working we might change this this is actually a great But we might change this, but like right now ours is based on the high ticket CPA, which is a function of the low ticket CPA. So if you get the economics right on the low ticket, it is the lowest CPA you'll have for your back end. And so like we use blended stats for all of that. So as long as the CPA is like in pocket there, so say you have a $120 net CPA and you have a 5% ascension rate, that's a $2,400 CPA. Let's say get they get that net CPA to 80 bucks. that drops it to a $1,700 CPA. I'm sorry, $1,600 CPA. And it's like boom. Now you can have tranches where you have like different bonuses and whatever where the CPA and it's paired with volume. I think that works really well. Um, what about would you ever do CPA just on the front? Well, I guess it's same, but it's not because if they hammered the front, like yeah, you want the back, but like it's the the true all-encompassing number is how much does marketing generate? How much? Yeah. At what cost? or next division which is like the the other pain though honestly is CPA is a function of sales reps too because if they aren't closing or if they have a 15% close rate the freak then how the freak do your marketer he's just like he doesn't with the sales team and like make sure it's like it just stay and everything Jeremy Hayne said at some level it's like you want to treat sales reps almost like cashiers and like he said like you know like you want them to be just collecting payments so like what do you have to do on the marketing front to get it so the economics work where someone shows up to the call in general so like What's the framing? Right now, one of our biggest issues is show rate and like that's a marketing thing. It happens before they cancel before a sales rep can even reach them. That is not a sales rep's fault. They can hit them as many times as possible. It's like it's not. So, having the back-end sales systems, as Jeremy Haynes says, in place so that you're that's why I was telling him this morning, I was like, if we just optimize around cost per live call, not cost per call, cost per live call, which then in introduces the show up rate, uh, which then, you know, is then cost per sale because we know our basic, you know, close rates. Of course, we're working on sales. Of course, we're trying to optimize show or close rates. Of course, we're trying to optimize sets and like all that, but like what can marketing control? So, that's fire. I like that. What about you, offer publisher man? What is your official thing now? You've been talking about lots of things. You're talking about leaning in, going deep, going here, there. I don't know you want to talk about or not public, but do you have uh Oh, we just same thing as always. Just I uh progress. No, I mean for me it's like deeper like we talked about like low ticket. I mean first low ticket or first funnel I ever built for a client was low ticket funnel went on to do over a million in six months and I continued to low ticket and I just didn't really think about it. I didn't go deep just went wide and started stacking skills other places. I was like let me just keep going and honestly I started d So I started going deeper into low ticket started doing more hundreds of offers now done all of that but I was like no like there's another level to this like I haven't I need to go even deeper into it. So for me like personal goals is like I just want to be I want to get even better at ascension and like when you think about low ticket it's just a financial model. It's it's not like I'm not just thinking about the front end. I'm thinking the full funnel ascension mainly like the just it's a financial model. How do you sell multiple things to one person over a series of time keep them happy? Like it's just that's what I want to get really good at and like leading people up. And so for me I'm just like locked in on that. And so that the nice thing is with my publishing, I mean, we just do low ticket for our people. So it's like the financial models used in all the deals that I'm publishing. And so I get to practice that. And then I'm also doing a lot more consulting on it just to like continue to work things and see data and test it. So, you know, we're we're doing that. We're we're relaunching um one of our low ticket offers for low ticket offers.com meta. Um, and we're going to do that and then just like staying super dialed into it and just like mastering like what is the next like every solution creates a new problem. And so it never starts doing the classic like book a call right after someone buys and what like what happens what's next? What's the next meta of ascension? One thing that's working well is webinars. So we're doing webinars in it. But I'm like what's next? Like once that stuff what's what's the next thing? How are we gonna do it? how like my thought was like you know uh Ibon he freaking he sent like a little we were talking about this before like they send out like these little letters right and like should we send these to our low ticket purchaser I don't know like hey by the way like thanks for joining schedule here's a QR code and it costs like twoish $1 so then our cost acquisition you know fulfillment goes up by a dollar or two I don't know like but I'm just solely focused on like how can we just do and then also it's like organic okay how do We continue with all our clients to get them dialed in our organic cuz status and organic is huge and it it makes your funnel stats look awesome other places. Like one of the things you guys do super well and we've talked about this is you're not just a you're a direct response company but you're not really like you you're not really you have so much we would we would lose in a in a gunfight against a direct response only. Yeah. Exactly. But the reason why you're able to sustain and like sell something like you do. So anyways, that's my focus and just that what's the next step? Cuz I knew I said I was like two or I was like three. Yeah, it would have been three years ago. A year before I got married. I said I was talking to people like what are you doing? I'm like well I'm going to master Lotia funnels and then the next issue is ascension because getting to buy a lot product is not hard. It's how do you ascend them? And so I was like I'm focused on ascension. And now I believe we're in that era where it's like ascension and figure out how to do that do it well is my focus. And then yeah, obviously scaling up across the board. I took, you know, I started hiring, we talked about for like I need an operator. I need like a mini me. So I duplicated I'm like 50% there to duplicating myself. Uh the dude I'm uh working with. He's amazing. Shout out you if you're watching this, dude. He crushed it. We did an internal project for like one of my offers. So I essentially let him publish me and I said, "Okay, I'm pretend I'm the creator. Publish me." And he crushed it. like just finished like a massive funnel build, the launch, the emails. I like looked over some stuff. I only changed a few things. He said, "Film this, do that." He did well with project management. He did well at that. And so he could do the project management and the marketing, which is what I wanted to see. But I want him just in the marketing. So we also hired a VA to help with project management. And so now I have an amazing funnel designer who's amazing. Like I was talking to your CMO today. and he looked at one of our funnels and he was like, "Who's your designer?" And now he wants to take him, but I'm not going to let him. Um, but amazing funnel designer. I have almost a duplicated me. I have a project manager VA and then me overseeing it. So, I'm bu trying to build a seal team six where I can deploy into any offer. Yeah. And like go for sprint for 90 days to the point where it doesn't need us as much anymore and then we can either and get to maintenance mode. Obviously, I feel like there's no such thing as maintenance in this game. you're always good. But like no passive income, less sprinting, less sprinting, I guess. You know, sprint for 90 days and you know, so that's our focus now. And so props to you. Like I love your deeper uh not wire thing. That thing really helped me lock in because like dude, I was about to just like whatever. Let's get offers. I told you I was going to give Yeah. Anyways, there's a lot of stuff I was just going to jump ship and do something new. So I like it. Yeah. keep I mean I send people your way for beginners who want to learn the model and business model to like basically offer publish right but like do the expert business model um people keep asking me and I keep talking about you know marketer expert and then operator once you want to get to the point where you're not just doing launches and making a couple hundred grand or a million bucks and then down to 80% less than that on evergreen basis like you kind of want all three if you're going evergreen you're definitely if you're going to scale of over seven figures a month um but yeah I think it's uh I think it's a good model I think The low ticket thing is always we talk about webinars. We talk about low ticket. We talk about all these things. Everything works. Everything works, right? Everything works. You'll find some funnel that's been running the same one for 10 years. I do it all. Like I think that's help me is detaching from feeling I need one thing. Detaching from believing there's like one right way to do it and be like, "No, I need everything new problems." Yeah. Yeah. It's like, "Oh, no, no, we need like people are killing it with challenge funnels. We have to do a challenge funnel." Like yes, there may be some merit in it, but like no, you don't. like you can continue to run one VSSL call funnel and do a lot through it. Like there are ways to do it and then the Dan Kennedy or I think it's Dan Kennedy but like you know whoever can pay the most to acquire a customer wins. Like at a certain point if you master the other part which is like the actual business which is the LTV which is the actual ascension which is all these other pieces puzzle customer experience. If you acquired 10 customers and it cost you 10 grand a pop or whatever but you knew that like those customers are never going to leave and they're going to pay you forever because you have the stickiest MR thing ever. It's like you would never need to run another challenge funnel or webinar or whatever. Like you want both. You want more acquisition? Yes. You want consistent acquisition? Yes. You ideally want at a consistent rate. Yes. But if this part is crushing and like I'm the first to say this is something that we have not mastered and like why we've been in a pinch at when we're at 1.5 or breaking even or whatever. Like if you look at the math that's not exactly how it works, but like we have not focused on LTV in retention. We're doing another re uh retention generating event right now. between upsells, downells, between continuity, between other product SKs, like we talked about supplements before, other products, other offerings. We didn't have like dumb dude. We acquired 20,000 customers at a mid like an okay CPA and then because we churned them after a year, it's like there goes the potential to make three, five, 10x more on row like gone. And like okay, cool. you have a win back pipeline now and you own the data kind of but like holy did we drop the ball and lose 10 30 $50 million on the back over one year or two years let alone if you had these customers for the next 10 years and they paid you two grand or five grand on average a year it's like that's yeah I mean what you're doing I think is great though with the acquisition but I think the biggest thing too is like how do you want to sell and how do you want to fulfill because for me I don't want to build I don't like building sales focused companies where it's callfunnel based. So I'd rather do low ticket webinar and like because for me in my own businesses I never really did call funnels. I just I like to pull people in and use like more of the math kind of like Eman likes to do to big events like that. I'd rather do that such as me personally like dude do I know I can make money with call funnels 100%. Have I done it? Yes, I know it works. I work with companies that do it with that low ticket funnels 100%. But just for the things I'm publishing our offers, it's just for me personally, I don't want to optimize that type of company. So I think a lot of people watching this you figure out what do you want to be responsible for? What do you not want to be responsible for? Build a business around that and then see if you need to compromise in some of the areas where you're feeling picky to grow the business and help more people win because there's some ways like you need to I can't sit here and be like I'm never going to do this because I don't want to do it. It's like at some point maybe I will have to do a call funnel if I really want to hit the goals I want to hit and I'm going to have to die to that. So it's it's this weird balance. You just have to figure out what do you want to do and what do you not want to do. So I agree and I think your ICP being people who haven't cracked low ticket like it's a huge unlock. That's kind of like a bigger bucket. And there's different ways to do low ticket too. It's like it's the concept. The cool thing about low ticket I feel like is the concept of the difference between lead leads versus buyers that you're selling to when you get to the next layers. So like that like a challenge funnel versus a webinar versus whatever like I don't those aren't that crazy different whatever like yes you have different consumption. Yes you have different priming. you have to run economics, but like the beauty of low ticket with economics and the the fact that you have now buyers in your system instead of leads is like the big thing. So you take these guys that only run call funnels as us as an example and you're like, "Oh, cool. I can come in here and build you guys a funnel for 50k or whatever math uh or percents or whatever." Like that's a huge unlock for a business and changes the economics across the entire business. We're we have a a revenue generating event coming up soon for for offer publisher. I'll tease a little bit, but like one of the biggest opportunities we're telling our students right now is the lack of like the issue. People like no load tick and they don't want to learn it. Like the amount of companies owner doesn't want to build it. Yeah, dude. Like companies doing millions and millions a month hitting me up air saying, "Hey, we know we need low ticket. We just don't know how to do it because I've only done one funnel. We just want to pay someone to do it." And so for people like us, like what we do, we found creators, they have a premium validated offer and like someone like you who low ticket and we say, "Hey, we will build, fund, and run optimize a front-end funnel. We just want a percentage of like the sales that this funnel generates on the back end and we negotiate a deal there." And so we're publishing these experts while owning all the front end and the funnels and everything like that. And so it's like this good balance where it's like we both need each other, but honestly it's like I could replace them on the back end and switch out the face if they really wanted to screw me over to So it's like there's such a big opportunity there that I consider like the tipping point and it's like we're raising we need multiple funnels and so people like if you're watching this like freelancers agency like that like they will they need people like you and there's a ton of these offerers that came from Sam Ovens days, traffic funnel days, clients community days, all these high ticket people that only got taught one funnel that are now like and then and then they got taught school go do low ticket recurring info and now they're like freak that didn't work as well as I thought with info so now they're like where do I go and so they need someone like you someone like me to go out there and do that for them so there's big big opportunity there yeah no info coaching is real right now selling info that's sized and pushing them up into coaching I see the entire market shifting into a lot I mean it already has shifted of just an observation I'm making is it's so much there's so much coaching now, so much hybrid, so much like that side of things. And I like it. I mean, I think you can get more personalization, you can get people more results than them just logging into a course that has no community and hoping they get a result. Like, I like it. So, I got a pop. Uh, you rock. Hey, you too. Keep crushing, bro. Keep crushing talk by friends. I think I cut you off like 40 times, which is way better than the initial 50. There's a counter in the comments. There was me counting. I'm not editing this at a counter, but somebody can do that for me. Um, cool. All right. What's today? One something comments on this. We're live on X this entire time. So, that's fun. I don't really know. 762 max. People shout out and watching. Nice. Follow Ryan on YouTube. Ryan Clog on YouTube. Check it out. Yeah. [laughter] Goodbye friends. Talk soon. What's up, guys? We are back and we have Josh Low Ticket Gavin. How are you sir? We're doing good. We're doing good. Um it's been a good good August coming into September. You see the memes is like September lock in season and it's like ah I got to focus up. Do you feel that at all? Be trying to move. Well, I'm trying to move in like before winter hits and I'm like should I not move? Should I just lock in for the winter? You should have moved in summer. That's that would have been the true lock in season. Just like going to somewhere ice cold. Yes. go in the summer because then you have to move, get situated. If you move now, then there's like a month of you not being locked in. So, you kind of missed it. I don't operate like that. So, today we're just here to randomly catch up and shoot the [ __ ] It's been a while. We have no official interview, any style, anything. If you guys, I assume, know Josh at this point. He's everywhere. Uh, and if you're here, I assume you've seen me. But, we're just going to catch up, not talk anything too crazy private unless we do it on accident. And we're live on what? XA on YouTube. Yeah. Yes, we are. Cool. What's good everybody? Boom. Bam. Low ticket. Gavin, all I see you talking about now, you relaunched officially low ticket offers. Yeah, we're going I'm going heavy into just that. You and I were talking about that because I was kind of torn where over the last five months, me and Mark Lack, I published my mentor Mark Lack. We were teaching essentially the business model of publishing because that's what I do. That's what Mark and I do. And we launched that offer organically and it just it crushed um we ran it up about to cross like 500,000 from it. So wasn't you know just organically that's nice. Oh publisher. Yeah for offer publisher. So that 2k 2k it was 1k at one point and we bumped it but we sold units. We had like a live experience for 2k then we sold the replays for 97. Then we bumped to 2k and it stayed there. So we did that and I was kind of torn cuz for me one I've never taught like a business opportunity that I do. I've just personally don't do that. But offer publishing was something I've done for so long and believed in so much. So I was like okay with Mark's credibility authority. I feel comfortable teaching people this knowing that we can have a high success rate. So that was the first time but there's a lot of resistance. That took a ton for me to go out and like hey guys here's a business model because I just What do you guys teach? I mean, like, I understand like the business model you teach, but what do you go to market? To go to market for a newbie, we have them go find somebody with like 5,000 to 10,000 active subscribers, email lists, something like that, that micro influencer, creator. Uh, and we tell them to start there so that you don't need to start with paid ads. This person already has an existing audience. And then uh usually uh we're it depends but we mainly it's like you're either going low ticket to high ticket because that's what I do or you're going to start with just a mid ticket and run just a promo cycle to sales page uh get the organic people who are hot in the door. But the winning method was teaching people and the best way that I was a fan is going to people have an existing high ticket offer and do what I do where you just build a front end. you get a percentage of all the backend deals that come from a load to your funnel and you keep a 100% of the money that comes in on the front because you just dump that back into ads. So if you had 10,000 people on YouTube, which you're you're about to cross, I go to you, we launch the load ticket to your 10,000 YouTube subscribers, any of the frontend money that comes from bumps, upsells, whatever, I keep I put back an ad spend and I only get cut to the back end. And so that's the go to market method. And so we did that. That's like the Mosy model, right? It wasn't his initial one. Like they get everything up. Yeah. Theirs was the other way around. Theirs was you get everything up. They got everything up front like the first month. All the cash collected for that first and then they got the MR. Yeah. Yeah. Which that was which I like yours. But yeah, I was like frick but clearly months usually smaller months sometimes you're a big person. But so we did that. Then I was like, it got to the point where we we helped people organically. We could and I was like, okay, do we want to scale this and take it past a million? Do we want to make this an ongoing thing? And Mark and I had already set like a cap for, hey, we're only enrolling this many students and we're not going to fill the market surpass a certain point because we Mark and I were doing things on other places like we're like this is just a fun project and wait for Mark and I come together. So you and I were texting. I was like, dude, do I just go all in? Am I publishing the low ticket stuff? Do we keep pushing this? Obviously, I knew what I wanted, what I didn't want, and it wasn't to keep pushing uh that and scale it and teach the the bisops. So, we're we haven't officially posted it yet, but we're going to be like, if you go to the website, it already in like is enrollment's closed, but we'll probably have an official send off where we'll let like 15 more people in. Support for our customers still existing. They still have access to me oneonone. We still do a weekly call. Several down the front end. Yeah, dude. Like, we're not I'm enrollment. I think I'd bring it back as a bonus. Uh I have plans to bring it back once I take my publishing to the next level and come back to the people. And so then but the thing is like whoever's in it right now, they're seeing everything. Like I every week we go into I go on Zoom, I show them what I'm doing with my publishing deals, what's going on. You should do like a 200k week of like closing cart. Oh yeah, we're going to do a big I might be this month. which might be next month. But yeah, we're going to do a big we'll do a big thing. We'll close his cart, run it up. Uh I just saw uh Alan Sultanic do the he brought back automatic. It was It was I talked to him on why he did it. It was so fun. I'll tell you privately. It's like it's things I should have told you before we started, but it was so fun. I love what he did and like he's so fiery and he's so believes in what he does and he knows he's like one of the best and so he's just like it was kind of one of those like like f everyone else who's like trying to sell stuff check this out and bro it's a great product dude that thing dude I remember I went through that I'd launched multiple low ticket funnels before I'd ever gotten through our Mac clients but he like it leveled me up in terms of caring about the ascension a lot more than I did before. So, it's one of the best. I think fast start, bro. Like, fire. I don't use the template anymore for any of my funnels. I don't want to make their own funnel of that funnel. [laughter] Template has turned into other people's funnels into It's just like everyone kind of overuses it, but that's the the framework of it, not the exact template of it beginner. Yeah. Except for a beginner, bro. teaching like a newbie to go build a low ticket funnel. You have to give them something otherwise they're cooked and they look like some of the funnels we audited where it's like one guy responded back and he just did 105 or something last month. Dude, it's so crazy. I see some ugly bro ugly dude if you're in trading too or that kind of bizop bro you can have the ugliest funnel in print. I consulted a dude never built a funnel his life. He was doing ads to school, bro. I said, "Go build a funnel." I I showed him an example of one. Send him a link. I was like, "Okay, dude. Go build it. Come back for your last 30 minutes of consulting." Because some people come on and like, you know, we charge like 15 I charge like $1,500 for an hour. And so they come on and it's like we're 30 minutes in. It's like, "Shoot, you got to go do stuff." So I'll be like, "Just we'll finish the 30 minutes later." Uh some people come back, some people don't take action, just disappear. He comes back. I'm like, "Oh shoot, he actually came back." Bro comes back with a funnel. He's like, "Let's look at the stats. I'm expecting to see just terrible numbers." Just terrible. Like, I'm ready to come in and just fix it. I come in. He's like, "Yeah." So, we did a 5x 5x rorowaz. I like, "Okay, five return. Cool. How much? What did you net?" He's like, "15." What the freak? I was like, "You just want He's like, "Yeah, dude." And he's just doing low ticket. Then they go in the school group and he sells him a mid ticket for some like trading bot or something and it's just ripping. And I was like, "Bro," he's like, "What should I fix?" I'm like, like there I was like, "Bro, just keep running your ads." The only thing that we had to fix was order form because it was like a 19% conversion rate on the order form. So he's already doing 5x return with like a 19% take on the order form, meaning the other 80% of people are just dropping off and just cuz we need to fix some stuff. So yeah, you can get away with ugly funnels, but it depends on your market. Like I was talking to these other guys. They're ripping a bizop doing a million a month is when they stopped or did they two million then they just changed like the angle. Uh and I'm not I'm trying to be vague because it's you know I want to be private about but they changed they just changed how they're positioning at the offer. Same type of product same fulfillment just scaled crazy. And it's like just because of the the market you're in. So I believe talks about that too about what about both of those things about the framing that the swapping out of changing of fulfillment and like is that a function of how it's sold and if it's not there like cost savings you can have in how fulfillment is fulfilled right like right info versus coaching like the margin difference in insanity so yeah I want to talk to you about what uh because you what when are you speaking next week oh yeah Um, Thursday I fly out and then Friday I speak for the like summit. Uh, this week. Yeah. Okay. So, explain this. So, I don't understand how no one I've seen this happen. And so, for context here, we're talking about uh uh Russell Brunson. They just launched ClickFunnels just launched offer lab. And so, Offer Lab, the gist from my couple ads I've seen and talking to you is essentially the ability to use other people's products inside your salesunnel. So if Josh has Josh low ticket Gavin sells some low ticket thing but doesn't have any other offers to have for Otto's or ascension or anything you can use other people that have published their products and allowed them to become discoverable or whatever as your Otto's. So you can find someone that's the next path of Ascension. If you sell a trading thing, someone else has a trading bot or whatever and you don't have your own, you can sell it. And it's kind of like plays into the [ __ ] land of like how they have discover and affiliates and like all interconnected. But I've seen it happen in I'm I always blank on the name, but there was someone who cracked that for lead genen um like optins for lead magnets [clears throat] and it was like a dedicated builder and it was all like super optimized for conversions for opt-ins and then on the thank you page there were like kind of how Substack does it now where it's like oh you would also be interested in this but they were like full consent optins and you could liquidate your lead cost by basically getting CPA from other like other So if it cost a lead and there was five things on the page like let's just say you got paid a buck for each one of them and they selected two like you offset your lead cost by like so it's a pretty cool model for these guys who were hammering lists back whenever this was probably five years ago and now they're doing it with that which makes total sense like I can't imagine I can't believe it didn't exist before. Yeah. Yeah. That's that's exactly it. So it's offer lab is what's called. Um essentially what it feels like like Russell's motive talking to him seeing his videos. He wants to connect the industry and I think it comes from the fight of ClickFunnels versus go high level and it became like a which you got to be on either side. And so I think Russell's smart where he's like well shoot there's always us versus them then there's always like half the market I'll never get money from. So he's smart and I don't know if this is what he actually tried to this just my outside perspective and I'm going to ask him I go there I'm going to be like yo Russ dude is this why you did it but he's like how can I be a part of every transaction which is so smart it's like the banks how can you be closest to the banks processing like in the processing business and so he's getting into the payment processing business because the way he makes money on offer lab is you obviously pay a fee somewhere like ClickBank for every transaction that's done through it and so what's nice is for affiliates like me uh and other people are promoting it. We can also get a percentage of every transaction that gets processed by anyone we connected to the platform. I don't even know how it works. I haven't looked at it. I just And they've got payments AI built into there, which I'm pretty sure is fully fully there payments thing. But it's what I love how seamless it is is whether you're in ClickFunnels, go high level, system, whatever, you can instantly add like anyone else's product to your funnel without changing much. And then the product delivery doesn't need to be done on your side. So then you as the offer owner can still handle product delivery. So it's not like you're giving away your products and then like you have to install my product in your funnel. It's all separate. So it protects the moat, but it's a it's really like one click. And so obviously it's new and it's going to get better over time. But I do see it being good for a lot of newer people that want to start out like Yeah, it makes sense that it's like buried in the funnel, but it also it's also just like natively could be an affiliate platform, right? Yeah, I think that's what it's trying to be. It's like ClickBank, but you go to there, there's there's a marketplace and everyone has their offers up there. You got a message to promote it. So, it's pretty much like a ClickBank on steroids. It's like ClickBank that is easy to integrate anywhere else. And so now Russell can help anybody whether you're go helping ideas. So if it works like like Nick Fischer was saying like don't bet against Sam Ovenans. Uh and I was I think Russell's another of those guys where it's like don't bet against him even though you see where how big he used to be. Like he used to be like the hermosi in the business world. Like he was everywhere. like Gary Vee, Russell Brunson, like the mainstream and Grant Cardone. And now it's like you have the new generation of people coming up and younger people, dude, like Gen Z, Gen Alpha, they don't when I say Russell Brunson, they're like who? Which is crazy because like I grew up watching his presentations like he taking his challenges. So, um, Russell has a big opportunity here to come back and really just become a super structure in the industry. And I don't think the nice thing is he won't have to be a guru to do it as much. He's got to relaunch his books. He's got to relaunch, dude. Oh, he should, man. Like 2.0 is I would love Russell. They need they need like some [ __ ] energy in they need some young someone to make Clickfunnels like trendy and cool again because some beef with GHL. So like they forever cuz I mean if we're talking OG days it was always like confusionoft and like their big head. Yeah. Fusion soft for the longest time and that was like kind of didn't make a ton of sense in my mind because it's like they were a CRM and like automations and they were just a funnel builder, right? But like you could kind of do a lot of your pieces in there but like even then you didn't really build in there. But now it's very clearly GH like I it's freaking all over digital marketing Facebook. Yeah, I'm not trying to be drama right now. Like I literally don't. Yeah, I know. I guess I have no I have no bid in this. I'm just saying like I see tons of people talk about it and it's like we use uh we use CF 1.0. So yeah, I love CF. So do I. We use CF 1.0 for anything that's direct to cart and then all the funnels have moved to like other custom builders and stuff. Now you go custom, but for anything direct to cart to still have like the native checkout, we do use CF 1.0. Yeah, I love it. I I use I have funnels on I've had funnels on go eye level for the sake of that's where clients have wanted it. Clickfunnels 1.0 I built like offer publisher was only on clickfunnels 2.0 to pressure test it. So I like what I hated clickunnels 2.0 when the launch happened. I went into it. I'm like if it confuses me off the bat I'm done. I'm not I'm out. Like it like avent I logged into a event the webinar platform so confusing. I messaged the founder. He's like I'm like I'm so lost. I'm about to crash out and I'm pretty impatient. And he's like, "Just wait, wait, wait." And we did a call and now I love it and it's the best thing ever. But Clickfunnels 2.0 is the same thing for me. Then people are saying it was good again. So a year later I pressure launched offer publisher like the whole launch on a new platform, built everything there and it didn't break. Nothing bad happened. And so it won me back and it's it's been great. So yeah, I think the beef between GoHigh Level and them was just because Goh High Level allegedly I mean I sent you the link in the chat of the lawsuit like infringed on patents that Clickfunnels had of IP or something with like their funnel builder. I don't know. Go high level pretty much it's very similar to Clickfunnels original editor and they also had the feature the cloning feature where you could clone Clickfunnels into the go high level with like just by clicking a box which is anyone could just funnel hack. It was just a funnel. It's crazy because 2.0 you couldn't even do that. Yeah. Yeah. I know. So then 2.0 you couldn't bring over 1.0 funnel. You were literally like I was so stoked when it was coming out. I was like, "Oh, we're going to move all these things in there." And it wasn't. And I was like, "I'm not going to rebuild them." Yeah. Cuz now you had to pay a freelancer to build it out. And now they do have the funnel cloner called Bardom PT. Uh it's like this whole like extension that uh they made. So they have it, but yeah, it's that was where the beef started. It's just too close. And then Yeah. Yeah, but go high level one because they turn it into bisop, bro. That's my opinion. They made an agency bisop, then they had SAS bisop, then they had everyone resell like so then they're it's like affiliates are cranking it and Yeah. And custom you could connect any of the API connects into it anytime any new Yeah. tech came out. So, anything open AI, anything chat, anything. And then the direct integrations with socials, so people could run AI chats inside there. Yeah. Then like like you said the the white label was like was like they have to have I can't imagine the count of actual like user seats they have. It has to be like dominant. And back in the day, dude, you could sell sub accounts for any price you wanted. There's no floor. There's a floor so bad. Like yeah like 19 bucks a month and people would have like 200k a month in MR at 20 bucks a pop. Like just crazy. And people still do that like down low because you can just set up sub accounts for people and so yeah how do you compete like that's the ultimate marketing engine like click funnels had a really strong affiliate program back in the early days and there's a lot ofates made a ton of money with them but then you then on the tail end of that you have goal and just so I don't know again I think there I actually have people asking questions which is rare. Oh shoot uh oh did I break something? Oh perspective funnels that looks sick for a quizunnel if I'm doing like lead gen. Yeah, right. They I keep getting the ads. I don't know if I clicked on the wrong stuff or so satisfying. I feel like Yeah, exactly. I feel like I clicked on the agency ad one time and I only get served the agency one because I know they do like different angles and they're dominating with social and like the founder or bisdev or somebody reached out to me and was trying to get me to do like a review on it and like I'm they it looks cool. It look it almost looks like lead genen to me though. Oh yeah. It's more than it looks like info. I would never run info, but if I'm doing a lotive funnels. Yeah, dude. If I was running an optin, quizfunnel, book a callfunnel, dude, so satisfying. It looks like a very simple setup. It reminds you of this guy who had something called mobilefunnels.com, I think, or no phoneunnels. You can I remember that. Ryan something the closer dude and you like build funnels on your phone, which I thought was sick. What if that exists? Uh, these questions are long that I don't know what's going to happen if I put it on the screen, but I'm going to try. Are you ready? Yeah. Well, actually, wait. I'm on perspective really quick. But this looks I mean product funnel metrics, contacts, templates. Oh, yeah. Ton of quizunnels, right? It looks like ton of quiz funnels. It's agency like literally local lead genen, which is great. Like running ads. Oh, you think a lot. That's who he targeted first because the owner was an agency owner and then he uh he s wanted to get into SAS and so he built this and so he mainly it was targeted towards agency people to start. Interesting. Oh, here we go. Here's the real here's the real question. Pricing top tier 30,000 visitors a month. Why would you I don't get the fe I don't get that because now I'm not going to want to sign up cuz what if I'm pushing? So 30,000. Yeah, it's 300 bucks a month for 30 thou for 30,000 visitors, but I'm sure it goes to enterprise or like uncapped. I just wish it said uncapped at the other one. Hm. Is it only on unique page visits? I have no idea cuz imagine that like what if I'm pushing people back? Did you see me talk about the Heyflow thing? We want to use it so bad. Yeah, dude. I tried setting up Hey, I got to cancel thousand responses a month is 230. Oh, that's like a day. [laughter] That's like That's done, dude. Yeah, you're already capped out. But 20 hay flows and it's like who's reminding me [clears throat] I got to cancel my plan, dude. Yeah. So, I don't know. Someone needs to build one that's just uncapped or has like some throttle like vitilic style where like you go into over it. I'm sure these do. It's just it's not clear enough on the front. And like in all fairness, probably most people aren't looking to do that or at that those tiers, but it gets a little frustrating. Yeah. I think at that point, why don't you use tight form and like custom? Yeah. Yeah. Um All right. So, questions in the chat. Yeah. What do we got? I see some. Can you explain the info to supplement backend model? What does it look like? Any opportunities you see in the health and wellness space? Maybe peptides or longevity. Yeah. I mean, it's basically you're just selling your customers more things. So, a lot of people do it with uh with uh affiliates or with like partnerships. So, we even tried one last year. I have a video where I talked about this where we lost a million like 1.1 million uh on this last year because we were paying for test kits. So, like a lot of these um let me back up a second. A lot of these supplement style companies or whatever they do a test kit in the front end. So like a 10XL health or like a whatever they do a test kit cost 100 bucks cost 300 bucks cost whatever in that range. You do the test kit you buy it direct to cart comes to your house you pee on the stick or you take your blood or you whatever do you swab or something you send it back. They get on a phone call with you to go over your results and they sell you something and they sell you X amount of supplements. They sell you info coaching. They do whatever. Right? So when doing that, we tried to bolt that onto the back of our business model, which is essentially already the back of their business model. And just to do the supplement part and we're paying whatever the number was, call it 200 bucks just for easy math. We're paying that for every new customer that comes in. So it's right off the rip. And then it was sending them a kit. Now the issue was the funnel. The issue was you pay 200 bucks for this kit. 50% of the people are returning the kit. So you're burning right there. 100 like just right off the rip. 50% return the kit. of the people who return the kit, 70% show for the call. Of the people who show for the call, 20% close. Of the people, like you net net all this math all the way backwards. And it just like we were getting railed and it just the math didn't math. And the goal was it was going to be this big MR machine and this whole thing. Now we're talking about going the direction of in-house and building this out correctly, but it's huge. And then there's other people. So where's that guy's question? Vice, right? Yeah, Vice. Um the other one, the other part of that is a lot of people are doing that flipped. So the other way to do that is basically what I just said. So you start with direct to cart and you go info coaching backend. So there are huge companies right now in the tens of millions a month that are basically doing it off of backend of supplement companies and selling them mid and high ticket info coaching um that are specific to the thing. So, taking a supplement like uh uh create protein or create gummy or something bad example, but let's say and then they're selling them, you know, strength training coaching on the back end to that customer list because they're already in that demo and like they're at that. So, people are doing both sides, but yeah, peptides longevity. I don't have any specific examples of what the offer is, but like yeah, dude, we have like 50 questions right now. This is sick, dude. Everyone's awake. I guess we got to start doing these later in the day, 700 p.m. on a Tuesday because everyone's freelancers or operators, so I guess they're like just finishing all their work. They want to check. Are there specific strategies or elements that are essential for low ticket funds in the health niche but not typically in bisop? That's you that are essential for low ticket and health. Um personalization I would say bizop. It's you hit them with claims. You hit there's a super structure that's the whole narrative. So it's like AI, Amazon, Target, Walmart, I don't freak, whatever. That's the super that's what carries a bisop offer. Whatever is trending, the superructure as Allen calls it carries it. It could be Facebook, social media marketing, social media was superructure, Tik Tok shop, like you start to notice the offers. It's Shopify, that's the superructure. Then there's a process attached to superructure that is allows that created the opportunity, right? business opportunity means something emerged, something new is available, there's an opportunity for people to make money from it. So, it's super structure claims, which you shouldn't be making claims. Um, you I don't Yeah, our funnels, we will sell like case studies. So, we'll say see what we've done and decide if this is the business you want. So, if I were to do Bisop, that's a type of front-end offer we run is a paid case study behind the scenes uh type uh like product. Um, but that's usually what makes something carry. Now with health, what I've noticed is on the front end, it's more so not really a superructure, but there needs to be a narrative or a philosophy that supports the mechanism. Like that's why you see people like there's this molecule in your freaking neck that if you optimize it, you'll lose weight like in your chin, right? Like they they zoom in there. there's always something you're activating in your freaking body that no one's talking about and everyone's that's usually what's happening or you know you could be very holistic which I know a lot of companies uh in the health market which you Ryan and and you're in the healthish market and you're very the offer you guys run very clean holistic tried and trueue principles non-claim it's beautiful everyone should do that sadly not everyone does but then there's the other side of it where it's these weird things so we're running Uh, we're running a health offer. I have a health offer as well. More of like pain relief offer you could say, which I guess is your health would fit into that that category. And it's funny because you don't need as much. You don't really need claims on the front end. You need to just have a strong argument for your mechanism, the science behind it. And then on the back end for Ascension, Bisop is like, we'll just do it for you. Or it's like, we'll coach you, we'll support you, we'll remove the creative thinking, right? Because these people want to make money easy. So, you remove the creative thinking. Whereas health, it's personalization and accountability. So your pitch to book a for the book a call in the high ticket is personalizing it to their body so they can get results faster or more specific to them. And it's accountability to stay to true to what they learned on the front end. That's normal. That's usually what you're selling. Um and then the next level of the back end would be like experiences. So, uh, in-person retreats and cultlike, uh, experiences would also in the back end. So, that's the difference between bisop elements of what makes a bizop low ticket funnel work versus a health. But it's, dude, health is strongly like narratives, mechanistic, copy, logical with a lot of emotional pain points where bisop is ROI justification. Yeah, dude. Money at a discount. Put money in, get money out. Yeah, easy. Put in 1K, get 10K. Most Bizop offers is you knock every other business opportunity why they suck and then yours is ultimately the best thing. The little graph thing. Everything else sucks. Mine's in favor. Everyone's like, "Well, shoot. [snorts] That's a great argument. ROI in not wrong. You need I wondered. I'm like, why is every ad just like how to make money without drop shipping real estate?" They just knock. Instead, you do this. I'm like, "You didn't even tell me what it was, but they work." And so, yeah. Yeah, I think that's that's my rant. Boom. Bam. Dude, they're like a lot cooking, guys. Look at you guys. You're awake Tuesday. I'm going to start hosting webinars at on Tuesday at this time. Sell you guys. That's a good call. That's a good call. Good show, bro. Scroll on here. It won't even let me. What about that? Here. Answer this one in three seconds. Yeah, it is very powerful. Yes. Quick answer. Yes. We have a friend. We have a mutual that is doing uh let's just say two let's call it 2x uh that's doing 2x on the front end on their low ticket and has a fullyfledged ascension high ticket back end. And so they're literally when they're when they're uh bidding their media buyers against each other, they have to do it on a negative cost per call because they make money to get someone on the phone. So yes, quick answer. It's not always the case, but it's possible. Also, the affiliate world, those guys, like the guy interviewed, he does it. They're from Yeah. Anyone on ClickBank does it. Anyone on any of these things does it like do it. So, what skills do you need to be a COO for a info coaching biz? Um, I find this very hard to answer actually because I was talking to someone the other day who was a COO for one of them. You're basically just making sure that all of the other core functions are happening is kind of like a simple way to say like not micromanaging but kind of making sure that everything is like but kind of but like making sure that everything's connecting into one because like you look at it from front to back it's like marketing it's sales it's fulfillment and then it's size and scale it's like HR IT data finance like whatever right like and you're just kind of making sure that everyone is playing together and that everything flows from one to another and that this is armed with this and that the cadence of the communication is there correctly and that the things are set correctly. Bless you. And like more so than anything, but like a lot of the time with how they're so much smaller, like it's like an ops manager, like a general manager style thing, like me included until it gets up to a size and scale and then it becomes more like COO. Same reason you don't need a CFO like you need like a bookkeeper. Like look at it like that. like a COO is here, a CFO is here, and then it's like a director of finance, a controller, a bookkeeper. It's like at some level, you only need to be like the bookkeeper equivalent when you start into this. And then like either your skill set scales or you need to hire to fill like it's one or the other at and and like where your strong suit lies. And same thing with the CMO, you have like a media buyer or copywriter and then you have like a you know senior and then this this all the way up to a CMO or a director of copyright or a director of performance, but it's kind of the same model. Sure. Um there you go. Trading coaching offers marketers for trading coaching offers. Uh I did an interview with uh Ahmed on here. Yeah. He works they specifically do organic. So they don't do they have some layers of paid but like it's very very important to them that they have people with strong organic. He calls them black swans. He talked about in the interview. You should just go watch it. But he only works at traders. um he was the guy behind a very large person uh and did exactly that model right there where he was like you know good friends with him and then as they scaled and became big he ended up becoming the CMO over growth learning everything from like zero to x millions that they did and then when that person expert went on to do other things in other industry he then became like a growth operator specifically for traders and he crushes um he was at Eman's event and we chatted a bunch but he he has he calls it black swans he's he just needs someone that stands out that actually has deep technical knowledge, has their edge, has their space, has their organic following, and then he just has the monetization models and the community and the organic machine and like everything down the back. That's what I'm moving to like especially after doing this the pain offer and just like it being a black swan where immediate off the bat just ripped on cold traffic and I was like, "All right, like this is sick." And so now, yeah, I like that approach. And he has strong organic. Yeah, that's I love that. There's also the other kid you interviewed who does just trading. Uh Jace Chase. Yeah, I don't think he just does, but he was he was an interesting one because he was one I just got recommended. He's a young kid. He's funny as heck, guys. I follow him on social. He's like selling his like info coaching frameworks and like like how to be a growth operator. And then he's also like trying to go deep within uh trading. So like go to the prop firms and like go beyond that. He's like he's kind of like navigating all he's shot out of a cannon. Like good for him. But um yeah, that was like a random connect. But yeah, he's Yeah, just anyone on X, if you see growth operators on X posting about their campaigns they're doing at big numbers, follow them. They're doing trading. They're doing trading almost exclusively. Almost everyone. Yeah. Yeah. He's the same one that uh got his first deal by saying he could make a morning meeting and like living in like Minnesota, I think, actually, and then driving like to Arizona or something overnight. Like he drove straight through to go make a meeting because he didn't have enough money for a flight. That's so sick. And then landed his first client and like Yeah, I respect that. I mean, exactly. I respect that. You can say whatever you want, but like I respect that. Yeah, hustler. All the kids are every freaking ball any the kids are all crushing it. Miami everywhere, bro. I at least they're taking action. At least they're doing something, not sitting around watching the videos and doing being lazy scrolling on TikTok. Um I vibe coded Google extensions. That's my favorite thing. Really? I love it. I wanted to scrape YouTube like for finding people to publish and I was like I just want to get their YouTube or Okay, here's what we were doing. YouTube freaking uh headlines for ad hooks. See like popular videos just go to the search bar. Then I just made a scraper. I told ChatV2 I wanted for a Google extension to scrape like a thousand of the most popular YouTube videos. they put them in a Poppy AI and we like use that as like winning hooks or headlines uh framework. So I like doing or like I trying to pay off like like it was like a we're doing just a debt like snowball type extension. I just want like click that's satisfying and has like when I pay whatever and so I like custom coded that. So I like Google extensions so it just helps with little little tasks here and there like scraping. Yeah, I have not built anything that's like functional, but right now I'm about to do I posted about this, but I'm about to do a side quest and uh not really side quest like connected to the quest, but like I'm about to silo it and like do it myself just cuz I don't want to distract anyone. And there's a lot of design elements, let's say. And I'm going to do those design elements all through that and just give it a rip and see if I can do it with a coffee at 5 a.m. and just like go. There's a lot of like checkbox things I've had to do. So, [clears throat] excuse me. We'll see. But my friend ced a knockoff Hyru's vibe code on like lovable like a just attribution thing here. This is a good one for you. [sighs] Oh yes, I saw that dude. The loia price. Wait, tiny ch Wait, tiny challenge. I bought that book. I saw that. I literally bought the book and it sounds like the most terrible freaking model to ever run. I opened the book. You're supposed to do one- on-one free challenges or low ticket challenges with a prospect for three to five days and then upsell them into a high ticket offer. Bro, I am not spending that much time for free, let alone for like what does it say? It's a one to five day ch a tiny low ticket. So, it's a low ticket price. So, it's a paid one to five day challenge and an offer low ticket or is it like a Yes, it's like I I watched a little bit of the video he did Russell. Then I've went to I bought the book. It liters came in the mail. I open it up and it's explaining it where it's like oneto-one challenge model. So, think of a challenge, but you do one-on-one. And here's the thing, I think it's a great way if you're trying to get your first client and you have no results, you have no status, nothing, 100%. Do that. But if you're at scale, like if you're trying like you No, I just I would never do it. I was like, "Oh, this would be cool." I'm trying to think how that worked. But the one thing I got out of it that I liked was for me because I do consult we do consulting right now and uh we do hourly like one-off calls but we start have some bigger companies that are doing you know four five six million a month that want me with their team for like a month to like sprint on a project and they'll start paying in packages and so that's a model we're going to where it's just repack like hourly blocks into yeah like hourly times but then adding for be like I think the tiny challenge is going be dope if it's still a process they're following, it's built in accountability, then then it goes to recurring group coaching after. But yeah, I would not do it if you're already enrolling units and you're not you have results. Man is spoken. What? So the man is spoken. Um, next one. I have 100k bisop coaching. Nice DSL with an opt-in getting bad quality lead. Should I use a new pixel or make a quizunnel before the opt-in? Uh, more information because Yeah, that's how do you know that's the issue? Well, you don't you don't. So, it What are you optimizing for? Assuming you're using Meta. What are you optimizing for? Because I can tell you I can get like a $3 lead if I optimize for opt-ins, but that's not what we're trying to do. Um, you want to optimize for starting the like ideally you can go to the back, but you likely can't with the volume you're doing because you can't get enough purchase fires on a high ticket in order to optimize and spend into it. So, the next one back and what like almost everybody who does those is optimize for schedule. So instead, you need to optimize for schedule. And then if that's not working or you're feeding bad schedules to it, you need to make it so you only feed good schedules to your pixel or only feed XYZ thing to your pixel you actually want to optimize for. So yeah. And then also like yeah, what are you targeting? What is the frame? What is the XYZ? And like it's not necessarily a super issue. I don't even know how you know on leads necessarily. Also, are you profitable? Like it's so funny. A lot of people that you'll I'll consult them. Oh, we're getting bad quality leads. We're we're having low quality. And it's just because they a lot of times they're reacting to a two or three day span where they just happen to have low quality leads, but they're still ripping and like high profits and it was just a bad week or even a bad day. So, you're doing 100,000 a month. What are your profit margins? Like, are you is it has it been increasing the last few months? Was it just a bad day? Was it just bad week? Is this a recurring theme? Are you are they bad quality because they can't afford you and you just haven't added a downell? You don't have a DIY option. You aren't affiliating uh bring these leads to an affiliate offer. Like I don't know because a lot of people think bad quality is they can't afford me. Well then make help them afford you. Like we're talking about with any enterprise software, B2B software, they're they never tell you what their best package is. You have to negotiate and like fight for the best package and they they don't want to lose you. So then they'll offer you anything just so you don't leave. Uh, and it's so funny how in info we think we're higher than that and better than that. It's like, okay, help your customers, give them a way to afford you, uh, over time. Like I saw one, you do a webinar and if people sudden bought after the car was closing, payment plans are opened up, he would drop like a $97 a month offer where if they stop paying, they lose access to everything and they would liquidate a ton of spend for the people who would have never have bought any of their financing everything. So, I don't know. I just need more info. I'm taking notes. I have a good that was a good idea for No. I got Wait, was that the $97 thing? No. Oh, which one? Cuz I got credit where credit's due if I got that from someone else. I got shout out whoever. Give me credit if that idea that I just had from what you just said was No, I'm saying I might I might be sharing someone else's thing I heard. We're all sharing someone else's thoughts. I was having this conversation the other day. I have no original thoughts regurgitation at this point. And it's it's 10 hours a day for 10 years of listening to other people talk about this. Yeah, exactly. Just don't want to don't use one of the comments. Josh, I told you. Okay. Currently currently scaling in the US with LTF or the high ticket upsell wondering if it's worth duplicating in Europe. Yes. If it's working, yes. There's language things. People play language arbitrage, they play country arbitrage, they play like all types of games. So like if it works in one market like and the market exists in the other market, then yes. If it's like think in extremes. If it's like something that's US specific, don't run it there. If it's something that's human specific, there's humans there, too. Um, and yeah, so yeah, people are like that all over the world. Don't worry. Sometimes you have to change pricing dependent though like dependent but also your economy like travel like the the cost travel too because you might get lower cost per XYZ in that market but then it's also lower cost to the client because of whatever all the software companies that have like automatic adaptive pricing that changes based on the country code like all that. So I think I'm going to do focus more on order bumps and post-purchase onclick maxing from the front end since it's not expecting much success on upsells you there's lack of credit. Yeah, just run it. I mean, again, the economics of it, you just have to understand the economics of it. So, if you have to know what you can charge, what it's worth, all that kind of thing, is the market there? And then if it is, it backs out because maybe it's lower cost per this, but then you get lower cash like I just said. So, boom. We run cold email for real estate agents and we got rid of our done for you offer and switch to a mid-t9.49 a month and added 20 agents, but I'm curious, how would you think about an even lower ticket entry point? What does that mean, dude? I'm getting lost in the comments, honestly. Pop it up. Pop it up. Okay. We run cold email for Oh, so they're charging 949 a month to run cold email for real estate agents. And you added 20 people last month. How many did you add the month before? Why you had 20 people? Why are we changing something? Like have a downell if they couldn't afford that. I guess like do like, hey, your first month's 50% off. Yeah. So just looking at the model if right there you're saying that we got rid of our done for you offer and switched it to mid ticket. So it doesn't necessarily mean I mean like there's operational complexity so I'm not trying to say like do something necessarily but like if done for you is up here your mid ticket model is like over here. I don't know if that's info. I don't know if that's coaching. I don't know what the deliverable of that is but like you just travel down that path. So it's like if done for you is up here and it's 5k a month and you'll do it for them completely. It's $9.49 a month and you do it with them. I don't know what your model is but you do it with them. And then there's a 2K because if you're also doing subscription much harder to sell than if you do a 2K one time here's a course on how to do it for example, right? So it's like do it yourself done with you done for you. Uh you can have them all. I'm not saying you should have them all if it's going to like make your life hack like terrible because you have to do all the delivery in these different buckets and it's confusing and whatever. So like don't do that. But there's definitely a game to be played. The one I always use as an example when I talk about this is uh Brook Hiddink. They sell the 2K, here's the info course on how to do it. It's like 1K with like a 1K order bump. It's basically 2K. You get on the implementation call, the starting onboarding call, and they're like, "Do you want us to do this with you?" It's like 5K or 10K. Do you want us to do it for you? It's like 20 or 30K. And it's the exact same results, the same thing. It's like helping you get real estate uh for real estate agents, it's helping you get whatever houses or clients or whatever you're trying to do. It's just like, do you want us to do it for you? Do you want us to do it with you and be in our coaching and group coaching and personalization? We'll help you or we'll do it for you. Or here's how you do it and here's a little info or product, not info or not little, bigger info product that's like full-fledged. That's how I do. People are asking about us about gaming. I'm skipping those low ticket V-Bucks. Life's too hard, man. I got a freaking wife. You want to talk about leveling up? X2 points. I'm trying to take my wife on trips. I got to spend quality time with her. Like, do you think my wife's gonna look at me? Hey, hey, hey, honey. Hey, I'm gonna sit and play video games today. All right. You know what? What wife is gonna look at me and say, "You know what? I'm so proud of my husband. I love how he spends 30 minutes a day, hour a day playing video games." Unless it's your biz model. Unless it's your biz model. Yeah, sure. If you're making money, um, and you have some, you know, you have a wife who's just supports it. It's fine. But, bro, are you kidding me? Like I the one time I got an Xbox, my friends are all playing Fortnite. I wanted to fit in and I played some Fortnite with them. What a mistake. I should have put that money into ads. Should have ran more ads. Disgusting. I just took off my run more ads shirt. Top three things to look at if you want to increase ascension from low ticket to high ticket. You want to see something cool? I would love to and so would us. Let me I'll leak some stuff. Let me leak something here. I can't I'm not finished with it cuz we're still adding to it. We have so many more questions. We got it. We got it. Okay. You asked, what do you say? Three to five things. Three to five things to look at if you want to increase. I'll just pop it up. Three to five you want to look at if you want to increase ascension from low ticket to high ticket. Okay. So, I'm working on uh are like all the optations we've made. 67 things we've done. Optimize. Um and I have like a whole 67 secrets. Yeah. 67, bro. It has to be 67. even though there's like a hundred plus I so a league I don't know like there's a bunch of things but there's things you could do in the product there's things you do in the actual funnel then there's things you do on the followup and then there's things you do just content branding guru game which I'm going to add a section called guru something but I'll yeah here you can screenshot I'll leak that I'll leak that leak that and I'm going to stop sharing so go back watch the replay there's a few of the 67 a few um all All right. Assume someone has just purchased a domain, start a low ticket offer. What are the five most important email delivery tips you could give me? Try and land an primary inbox. Uh, go watch a bunch of YouTube videos. Talk about email deliverability. But no, we actually did move this one time like pretty aggressively when we were like fully baked on one. How do I get rid of this? Like in my eyes. Um the big thing to do when doing these generally is making sure that you have uh all the ones that are going to get opened as the first thing that you're like testing and sending with simplest way to say this. So like postpurchase as example is the highest. They have 95% open rates and all that kind of stuff and high click rates and all that. So like we were migrating from close.com to HubSpot and when we were doing that we moved over the automations that were postpurchase first that were then uh like in order until you get all the way up to optins. So because if you do it the other way around and you're just like oh here I'm going to send my campaigns here first and get 20% and actually you're going to get 10% you're going to get spammed. The other one is um email deliverability I think it's called the Troy Ericson stuff. Yes. He has like he has Google extension, Chrome extension things now that do like input things into your footer that make it so it's like more text that are this based on this and like he's he's like dedicated his digital marketing life to this and he he has a bunch of uh YouTube videos about this. I this stuff's actually kind of expensive. I think it's like 5 or 10k but I think they have a month. Yeah. So that's what I mean. I think the software is a version the high ticket into a software. Yeah. Here's a cheat code. You go to nothing back job board. You say, "Who went through Troy certification program? I want to hire you." You get someone who's new who wants to get some testimonials. You get them at a nice cost that's going to give them a big win so they crush it. And you you get the same skill set because they've all been trained. He certified like a thousand people. They're just all running around looking for work. So, go help them out. They'll do it. I've I've t uh one of his certified students has been my email list deliverability uh peeps and has helped so much. Uh, I think she's actually hired in his agency now, but uh, she was a legend. So, shout out Christine. His students are trained well. They're trained well. All right, here we go. Followup from the guy asking about the pixel or the bad lead quality. How can you optimize for schedule if you have less than 30 calls per week? I think the pixel needs more than 30 per week to optimize. Try it. Try and optimize for schedule. And if your schedules are bad, it's just try to optimize for schedule and you can still attempt to do it. I mean, you want whatever it is, 50 a week in order to like get close to it, but you want people who are people who book. You don't want people who are leads. And you want people after that once you get to scale, you want people who are purchasers, not people who are schedulers. Unless your schedules are like fire and you have that all built out and and flow and optimized. But like I don't know what your funnel is, but if it's a VSSL optin, I assume it's lead app. So like native also, if you're not using native events, use native events. So lead, submit application, schedule, purchase, and then you can optimize those. And because you're using schedule, and it's not a custom conversion, you get access to the data pool of all other people that run and use schedule. So it's most likely to find people who are or have been uh schedulers in the past. Um yeah, I would try that. Or also don't run a VSSL optin. Run a direct to app. run it with a headline, a VSSL, and an application button or a booking widget and go straight instead of gating it depending on what your offer is and what your thing is. The reason you do opt-ins is because you nurture people, meaning that you have all the emails and you have consumption, you have middle and bottom of funnel stuff that can nurture them over two weeks, two months, two years or whatever. you don't do it if not like Jeremy Haynes like you hate money if you have an opt-in and like I have an opt-in but like I do it for a reason kind of um or just I I didn't do it for a reason now I've sold myself on why I do it because I want to believe that there's a reason um also you guys have really solid brand a lot of content so you have yeah super good stuff there whereas some people have no you have a freaking you look up their website it doesn't even rank so it's like probably don't Yep. delayed sales process. Um, do you There's so many questions. Good. I know your YouTube com It's your YouTube, bro. Everyone's on YouTube right now. Really? Yeah. Shout out. Hey, shout out. If you're on YouTube, drop a one in the chat. Drop a one in the chat. [laughter] What about this one? What about this one? Do you think low ticket ascension can work for service business? Yes. It's It's more so Oh, yeah. Go ahead. What did he say? For enterprise. No, for service business. Oh, service business. Yes, enterprise. It's an enterprise service business. So, they have local locations. So, yes. Okay. Okay. Is what I'm purely justifying and saying, yeah. I was like, do you know that or are we just I have absolutely no idea. I was just I was just confidently saying the wrong answer. I found like Yeah, it's just your front end offer needs to be personalized. personalization, custom audit, things like that. My opinion of it was that like so I know someone who has like a cleaning business for example and they were talking it's more about less about low ticket mentality and more about offer mentality. So like what is the offer? So, for example, like, oh, you get you get a free cleaning for your first cleaning and the and when they come to clean your house, it's actually they only clean your living room and your kitchen or whatever, but if you want to do the bedrooms, it's 150 bucks and then they love it and it's amazing. You do great service and because of that now they turn into recurring or whatever, right? Like, yeah, true. That's Yeah, that's the general gist. So, it's more about offer. Um, what do you think about low ticket? Low ticket euro. So that same person is asking low ticket funnel in Europe. Do you price in euro or USD? Euro I would assume. I don't actually know. I don't run Europe but I would assume I ran my funnels I go worldwide and I just do wherever I'm from. So I just not worldwide but the big five or whatever and it's always USD. Okay. Uh done for you agency with 100K TAM. I don't know if there's any other questions from this person. He asked one down. He said I think he sent it to early. He said done for you agency with 100K TAM. Current offer$6.99. I found it. Current offer $1,700 setup with an $89 a month management fee with 100k TAM done for you agency with 100k TAM. There's only 100,000 billion to work. Ah, he's saying how okay $50 per cost LTV taking on lower taking on lower entry for volume. The goal is 250 per month at 60% margin. Iman says these things stop at a certain size and then they become a crazy headache and if you want them to be cash flow businesses, you stop at like 2 million a year. 60% margin. Yeah, because you can do that until you get to scale and you need like all this crazy overhead and the churn count and like all that kind of um management fee and $50 LTV. What's your CPA if your LTV is 4K? Tell us quick. Sebastian in the chat. Um, what else we got in here? Been seeing a two to $400 mid-t offers for web builders elite metal lead genen. Thoughts on running mid-t offers instead of PC up front. What would be the best way to approach that? Thoughts on running midt offers instead of his CPA is $400 at the moment. The other guy and you have a 4K LTV. What's your 30-day new cash? The setup fee only. And if it's a setup fee at 1,700 400 divided by so you're getting a 4x rorowaz with a in new cash and you're getting a 10x LTV and it's probably or a 10x LTV to c all long term. Damn, that's a pretty good business. That's pretty solid. 4x new cash 30-day and 10x over time and LTV is likely to go up depending. Yeah. I mean, just hammer it. I don't understand how the LTV is 4K if you have an $89 a month management fee and that stacks up. You must have a lot of clients. But yeah, run that business and you just have a major MR game with great margin and just keep people going. Nice work though. That's fantastic. RIP. Um, I didn't answer this, but I What's BAC instead of BAC up front? A call. Oh. Uh, are running mid-t offers instead of book a call since I'm seeing a ton of thoughts on running mid ticket offers? Yeah. Um, I don't know a lot about that. We haven't really I've never run that. Um, do you have opinion on that mid ticket? Take it up front. I've actually never run cold ads to mid ticket unless it's a webinar funnel to a 997 or 2K. So, um, yeah, I just haven't done it. I haven't done it since a long time ago when [laughter] I haven't done it in a long time. Well, I'm thinking back it's like a credit or I helped cuz I was like a credit something offer and it was just via spelled a sales page back then. So, you can that's funny. When did I do it last? So, I've only done it organically, so I can't really give you I've only seen it done well with aggressive long form VSSLs. That's like the ClickBank offers are, you know, their bundles. They're like all that kind of stuff. Those are in that range of mid-tenerally speaking long form forced consumption VSSLs. Um, a lot of time with preframes. So, same thing with like webinars. people run webinars for those like as long as you can get the economics to work instead of because you can go all the way up to whatever 2K call it uh on a webinar but you can also do more volume this and generally when you're doing low ticket like uh or uh I'm sorry midt it's like vshre they run a lot of mid ticket uh low and mid ticket and there's our VSSL consumption it's quiz to routing and then you go to different VSSLs um same way with the um Golden Hippo guys those guys run force consumption VSSLs um all the a lot of the top guys do So yes, I would say do it. You said say ones in the chat and I'm lost in the sauce. I to ask my wife if she wants to watch our stream here. She says she said okay. Oh, really nice. Cuz she has enchiladas upstairs right now. So we're going to Okay, we can get off. We get off. No, no, it's fine. No, no, she's she said she's editing photos, so she'll watch later. Uh you framed sales call high protein enchiladas, too. Oh, getting huge in winter arc. How do you frame the sales call post low ticket purchase B TOC implementation onboarding personalization? Anything like that. Anything that's like how you're going to implement the thing you just bought. Um Sebastian CPA 400. It's a setup. Yeah, we answered that. We get about 400 to 500 in. Yeah, I mean dude, just scale your just scale it. It sounds like it if you have a 4x on the front and you have a 10x long term like gold star. Here's your gold star. Good job, buddy. Keep scaling. You go back in time, what would be the industry offer you would make? You go first. I already have mine. Do I have morals or not? You're same human. Yes. Okay. Same human. His name god godloving good human moral. I would have kept running the offers I was running back in the day that I didn't scale. I cold messaging kings profile funnel secrets. I was ripping. I was like nobody else was teaching face because Facebook just added a DM feature. uh for pages. There was no ban. And so I was teaching all the agency groups, people how to do this. And I was just young. I didn't know what I was doing. But I was selling a Google doc with a 30-minute call with me. I was like 15 or 16 years old for 500 bucks. That was my info product. And we was no sales page. And I was like, I'm going to change it up. I never stayed focused. Profile funnel secrets. I love that. Great to see each other's profile funnels. I would have done that. I was just didn't know like I didn't have the mindset. I didn't know my wealth dynamics. I didn't have one in my corner telling me to keep going. I was looking up to gurus doing flashy stuff and so I was just all over. Good answer. All over answer. Should have stuck to that. I would do gosh they keep moving. I would do I got 80% of the way there cracking a whole life insurance call funnel and I was doing other things with my time. I was building Mainco. I was having a lot of personal fun and being an idiot and bounc and like became friend and like but it was I have screenshots of like the lead flow that was coming in and it was like 5 million in assets 10 million in assets 2 million in assets like 300k in income like they were firing in and the issue that I didn't understand at the time was that in order to make that large of a purchase essentially or like a decision in order to work with the person it needed way more trust building assets. It needed way more like it just needed more time, just purely more time. Like I was running the same funnel model, a VSSL opt-in. So like all the lead flow was there, but like there were no campaigns. There was like only contextual stuff. There's no campaigns. There was not enough middle and bottom of funnel. It was coming from cold and then you're taking someone who asking someone who's 65 to move $4 million out of their, you know, Roth or their whatever and move it into like whole life insurance. And like it made sense and it closed. like they were unit like it worked but like just the overall model and there's guys who crush it with this and have these huge like they have LMS's full built out and they have like they run lead funnels to free courses and consumption and long form VSSLs like you just need a machine around it but I cracked 80% cracked it straight through but I needed all the other ancillary stuff for it to work in the correct way and I would go back and do that because the backend money is massive the backend money you're talking like high ticket over the phone no I'm talking like like ultra high ticket over the phone and then you have like ancillary services and you have like recommendations you can make and you have like money managers and you have like tax professional and you have all these different like connections in your rolodex you can make you can then own comm community you can have a full mastermind and community that's all around like people have done it they do it right now there's two that I can think of that I want docs but like so interesting never knew about that side of the market next one if you launch a a new offer of yes funnel would you optimize the funnel for opt-in or schedule the first 30 days schedule depending but schedule I would say yeah I feel like that's just what I always did like I just went right to what I wanted even if I didn't want you want people on the phone and you can't get purchases and that are going to be enough volume there's like little to no way you're going to get purchases that are enough so like depends on your pixel but like you can optimize for schedule more or less off the rip in my opinion um but I'm not I'm not a pro at this nor do I run our own stuff so like I'm kind of speaking out of my awareness levels Heck yeah. Uh Jay said, "What's the KPIs without them?" What was his question? I'm scrolling. Heard of Oh, the tiny low ticket stuff. Dude, I have no idea. What do you mean? Like I I've never done one. Tiny low ticket challenge. Never done one. What do you think? Who do you think is killing with quiz funnels at the moment? Every tele medicine company. Um a lot of Yeah. Go ahead. Sorry. No, I asked uh a mutual friend about ecom companies and ecom. Yeah, he had he sent some links. Let me try to see what he said. spray.mmeiori.com shop.trysparton.com. Yeah, Try Spartan crushes. That guy's on X. Really? I think if I'm thinking of the same person, but yeah, quiz funnels are everywhere right now. So, it's and people are used to them now and filled through. So, it works in ecom, it works in info, it works in TA, it works in lead genen, it works all over the place. So, I'm so tempted to go bullish on those funnels, but I'm I'm not. I'm using back in my low ticket funnels. Stay focused. Gosh, don't get distracted, guys. new. Okay. Offer ideas. Let me look at my notes. Let me give you some. I have notes that said offer ideas throughout all the years. Let me see if I can give you one. Um, let me see. Let me find some. What other questions you have in the meantime? Oh, wait. Um, no. Here. No. Actually, I'm not going to put that one on. Someone asked how you could structure a funnel for finding a wife. Um, but you already got that unlocked. Dude, there's like 15 of these on X, too, that I haven't even seen. Start from the bottom on X. Mason, what's up, Mason? Uh, O bump or no O bump on a low ticket funnel? Does it ever cannibalize calls booked? Yeah, so we specifically don't do Wait, you're asking order bumps? Yeah, we do order bumps on there. No, it does not cannibalize at all. Order bumps are just going to help with your AOV, just give you an opportunity to do it. Don't go too crazy with it because you can go like radio checks plus this, plus that. like it's all about what how you're affecting the conversion rate of the order form and splitting against that and what the AOV is that comes through it right or truly what the throughput is that comes through it because it's like if you bump your it's simple math but if you bump your AOV and you double it but your conversion rate drops by more than 50% like the math doesn't throughput on your net CPA so all that matters is your net CPA so if it cost you 100 bucks to get it your AOV is 50 bucks or 40 bucks so then it's $60 net CPA the big thing is that is the ascension rate more so than anything but It's like drive that one down through AOV, which you can get through order bumps, radio, you can have multi, you can do the whole thing. You can even have big order bumps as well. You can have like ones that really offset AOV um and don't hurt conversion rates at all and then still have your ascension. So, I've seen like we get 70 80% um booking rate using it as a thank you page or like the Otto one for the call when it's framed correctly. Um so, I think that answers your question. um free or did you have an answer for um offer ideas? I wanted one of notes. I had this note from a long time ago where I literally just wrote down make take it like take every offer or winning offer and just make it female themed. So I think that's like a really easy one because you just copy copy what's already working and you just funnel hack it and then just make a female spokesperson make it female even if it's like faceless like there's like these female coaching templates or just fancy branded stuff. Um, dude, that stuff works. So, if you want an idea what's winning right now, make a female theme. Elby Shelby Sap. Who's um uh Tori? She doesn't target female only, which is very interesting. But she targets like whole thing, but she's another one who's like crushes it. Um, all right. Another one. How are free plus shipping book funnels doing nowadays? Great. What funnels? Free plus shipping book funnels. Physical physical copies. Yeah, they're cool. I think they're still work. I think they're sick, dude. There's a guy in Nothing Hell Back that only does BookFunnels and like crushes it with them. He helps do like the whole book like ideation part and also Oh, yeah. Chris. Yeah, I know Chris. Yeah. He does like Amazon ads, too. Yeah. That's the power of niches is the fact that that person came to my head to do a bookunnel. So if I did a bookunnel is I would call That's so funny, dude. Allan calls it Allan calls it market positions. It's a great call and it's essentially you pick what position you want in the market. It's not like people say category king but it's like he's like pick just a section of the market as a market and then dominate it. And like he talks about like every time I talk about low ticket I talk about you know. Shoot. I know. It's It's crazy. I have to leave. I have to leave. But let me see if there's something here. How evaluate markets to launch offers? No. How can you explain highlevel how positioning works in the Spain? How can you explain high level how positioning works in the space? I think you just said it, bro. I Okay, there's this Dan Kennedy offer. OG course. Dan Kennedy, what a legend. Just the ultimate course and program on how to become a guru overnight. How to just just be instantly wellknown. um something about consulting boot camp. I don't know. Just look it up. It's like consulting how to become a consultant. If Samans would have taught that plus what he taught back then, game over. It's so good. So really, truly so good, dude. But it's really just like so many people are afraid. Or you know what I think? Here's I was think about this. I was going P today. All right. And I was sitting there and so many times I have thoughts of memes I want to post or funny tweets, rage things. I'm like I want to post it was about positioning. Let me see. And so I was and so I was I was just going I'm going there. I'm like, "But if I post that, how does that position me? What do people think about me? What are my exclusive clients who are paying for consulting 5 million a month? What do they think about me?" Like like not paying, making they're doing that. And I'm like, dude, deposition you. So many guys, you instantly deposition yourself because you just want to make a funny tweet for a couple likes or you want to reshare something on your Facebook page or you do some random like or you glaze another your competitor or you just deposition left and right just like everyone who like there's a point when glazing a competitor or someone you look up to helps you and there's a point where it depositions you and so you have to be methodical about how people view you and it it's kind of you can be obsessive and super unhealthy. So I have to reset and be like it doesn't matter God will bring the opportunities he wants to. It doesn't matter be I'm an imperfect person. But then you could also be super anal about your positioning. How people see you. There's people in space they cut their hair a certain way. They'll you know grow a beard. They'll wear certain clothes. What's behind them? What? Bro, crazy. Um yeah. I'm just trying to live. You know what? I'm just trying to live. I'm just I don't care. Like I'm wearing this janky. I didn't shower yet. I freaking worked out. got on a call. Some guys in Dubai, ripped the consulting call, haven't left his desk and I'm like, you know, but I could be like all guru G in Dubai. Yeah, everyone's in Dubai. So, like thought it was. I thought it was. Nah, dude. Just kidding. That's who. There could be a million people. I Every call I take, everyone's in Dubai. I gota wake up at freaking 9:00 a.m. to rip a consulting call. All right. I love it. Good send off. Uh ones are hard. I didn't realize that they were in there and they were not moving into the chat. They don't go into the Riverside. So, we're gonna have to optimize that. We should do these. We should do these like every couple weeks. These are good. Yeah. I'll uh I'm Dude, everyone when I went to the event, it was so funny. They're like, "Dude, you're Ryan, you know Ryan Clog?" So, like, "Dude, you're popping." I was like, "Yeah, dude. Ryan's awesome." So, this weekend I'll see all your your fans, all your peeps. They're gonna definitely be like, "What's up?" So, I'm going to like six different things, dude. I'm going to Daniel Fosio's event this weekend. I'm going positioning uh Jeremy's Q4. I'm going from Jeremy's Q4 to WAP from there. Like same weekend, like Saturday, Sunday. When's that one? When are you in New York? Uh I don't know. I'll text you and that one. And then I'm going to Cole Gordon's uh 8 figureure boardroom. And then Fischer is going to have one. Hasn't announced it, but it's right around the same time in Scottsdale. Both those. and then uh South Africa for eons. That's all in the next like three months. These guys are probably so happy you even launched your own coaching offer. I'm I'm so I posted about that and said that I was going to do that and not that I was going to do that, but I was going to do the thing and then but like I have crazy opportunity right now and I'm very likely going to take it, but I also like might just sit I might take it and sit on it. Yeah. Yeah. and just like because I'm building I'm building like the thing I was talking about like vibe coding kind of like that is such a massive thing for in extension like that's in that's the spot to be in like I don't I don't want I mean I'm good I'm good praise God you're great I appreciate you this is valuable here I'm going to go eat my enchiladas I'm going to go eat meatballs yo say that yeah I hear them right Now I hear them cooking. So all right. See you. Bye. [laughter] What's up guys? We are back with another daily edition of what's happening now in funnels. Bro, what do we call We should call these something. Dude, I don't know. We It's like a podcast. I'm just laughing cuz people are going to be like, "Not this brown kid again. Where did this this guy [laughter] just comes on every day? boys. We're boys. Boys, Midwest. Hey, I was talking to some Dubai boys in there like, "Are you going to stay in Minnesota forever?" I'm like, "Dude, I'm just trying to hold down the Midwest money, bro." Uh, fort because I don't know. You probably won't stay here. I doubt you're going to stay in the Midwest. So, no. I'm out. I'm out. I'm out. Yeah, exactly. I don't know where I'm going to go, though. What should we talk about today? You just came back from You just came back from multiple trips. We didn't talk. Did we talk after Brunson? No. No, we didn't. Let's talk Bronson. Talk. Um, dude, Russell, Mormon business owners are the best. All right, they're just religiously like they're required to be nice, which I think all religions should be. I think us Christians need to do a better job at that. But just in general, what an amazing man. U, it's crazy going into their office, dude. Looking at all the awards and literally seeing anybody who's anybody came from or use their platform to get to where they are now. And you could Yeah. You could be, yeah, the internet marketing world and you could be like, well, like they had these mentors this and that, but it's like we're not giving Russell credit enough. And this is not to glaze. I don't I don't care. Like I have my problems with everybody and like I'm not a fan like a true die hard of anybody anymore. I used to be cult like one person, one guru. I the only one who's probably gurued me is like I Godzi with his style and his clothing. That's it. I don't no one else can sway me. I don't care. But Russell, just looking at the wall, Jason Flatlin, the Hermosis, everybody. Lots of people up there at the FTC cases, too. Let me tell you that. I was like, we need another wall. We need another Walt. Um, but uh again, bless their hearts. I pray they're doing well. Don't wish that upon anybody. Um, but it was crazy being there. I'm like, holy crap, like this is where it started. Like, this is the modernday like revolution of internet marketing. Like, the the from ClickFunnels and the ability how easy it got. So, one I think that was a really cool takeaway. That is um I met some really cool people um at the event. Let me try to find that I want to if I can shout them out, but MCL uh and I think her hus and then uh Tanner, they're on they like pretty much writing Russell's webinars. I don't know if I can say it, but they're they're help they help consult it, but I pretty much met the people behind some of like his recent events and launches and I've never heard of them before. And so I was able to geek out with them and just sit there and it was the nicest couple. It's a married couple that do webinars together like dude dream right there. I don't think you guys were like fighting each other like babe. I have trust I have a new idea. Yeah. And they're doing like they're doing tons like four I think they're like did like four. So they were really cool. I think those are the coolest people I met there. Um, also it was really sick. They had these AI assistants that like you clip on and it records everything. So, we were talking it was recording like transcribing to your desktop. I thought that was sick for events. What's that called? Uh, no idea, but it's like 50 bucks or something. And so, they was ripping it. I was like, "Wait, turn it off." Like, I had to tell him like, "Wait, I'm going to, you know, you kind have to be careful." Um, what's the other thing? Oh, met another dude who has a freaking I Okay, this is my big thing I think is going to be cool in the future is language model SEO, which I think could be overhyped, but I think it is next. Like I just bought like paid for that like Yes, dude. Is that crazy? like two days ago. Okay. So, met the dude who has like the one of the only supposedly everyone says that one of the better ones um tools out there that essentially does that for you. But what I thought was cool is I asked like what's the main needle mover like what is this tool doing? And he said Reddit. Like Reddit is the biggest thing. And so he told me like one takeaway for me was go on like have the tool set up or make a bot or use a tool that flags me every time someone says like low ticket or says anything related to what I want to do and then go in there reply to that thread and like give value. So it's just like kind of like how I used to do with Facebook groups. I do that Facebook orever that was. Yeah. Yeah. And it would tell me and I go in I'm the first one every time and I was like dude I never thought about that. So I was just thinking idea dude Reddit like no one dude not many people have competition. like he's like there's not many people doing it there and normally it's just your customers and or angry customers or lying customers so you might as well go out there and build your presence because it's pulling from Reddit first and then he said there's other things too. So my takeaway which just a reminder I need to tell my but he said so right now he says have the tool flag and then you train a VA to go do it but he's working on AI agents that will then interact and run your Reddit profiles. That's a cool idea. So, so his thing is he's certifying people to become language learning model SEO agencies. Why? Because I know I mean duh, it's bizop. But here's why I liked his argument. He doesn't want to build a front-facing software company where he's like having to teach newbies how to use it, everything. He just wants to certify the agencies. They go install it because it's too technical to be a BTOC like or a Yeah. to consumer SAS company. He doesn't want to play that game. It's B2B SAS. Yeah. B2B. But he doesn't want he doesn't want to like deal with consumers and then the onboarding and then like they drop off and play the free trial game. He wants to sell the certification kind of like go high level did for white labeling which you think about go high level failed when they tried to sell directly to businesses. The only time they started growing is when they started going to agencies who installed it for people. So I think it's again but all I know is we might have a deal in place or I might publish him uh and do some sort he might be my black swan. We'll see. I'm leaking this so I don't care. But is this Whoa, whoa. So, is this like Trojan horsing or is this like selling a bisop completely or they're bisop butt on top of his software? Yeah, he already the soft like right now he's trying to add the service. Oh, then that's brilliant. I thought you meant he was just like it's like here's an it's like teaching people AI agency not being he owns. So it's like he's he's NAN or he's Hyro selling iron or he's got it and it's gated and it's certification because it's like Yeah. No, that's great then. I think that's brilliant. Not like I talked to him. I was sitting there and I was just like pitching my whole thing and dude, it's so funny. Like it's got to be like if anyone's a newbie and you're like a copywriter and trying to get into get into, you know, getting some sort of partnerships like I think I've cracked like the perfect pitch that's like everyone's like, "Oh my gosh." If anything, you're disqualifying them. But um yeah, they were they were talking to him. So he might be a black swan. I was sitting there. I was like, "This might be cool." So that was a cool takeaway. And then uh Offer Lab itself, I think, is a uh good software. Uh it's great. It's good for the newer people coming in. I asked Russell, I was like, "Russell, like here's my here's my question. Like anyone who has a big offer, they don't really want to put them on an affiliate marketplace because uh people will come and steal your stuff. Like the true, they don't have them on ClickBank. They're secrets like all the top you only find out about them at the events. So I asked him that and he didn't really have a direct answer for it. Um which he was like, but the thing is I realized I asked him like or is this not for those people? And just talking to him, it's not necessarily like that's not the play he's going for. he has more of an internal play where he's just going to use the tool more so for his companies and then for his customers inside of ClickFunnels. So that helped me have a better perspective for okay what is the end goal with it. But I think for anybody who has an offer digital product like if you don't mind people seeing it or like knowing about it which you can gate it and like Exactly. That's what I mean is like it's just it's additional products. It's just Yeah. Yeah. It's not really like you you wouldn't drop your core offering on there because you're also like I would drop if you have a low ticket funnel like I'm going to put my low ticket offers on there. Um some of them just the ones I don't mind people like uh so yeah that's that's one. And then what else take away? Uh food was amazing. They fed us super well. [laughter] Back to the Trojan horsing software. Wonder if uh does Wap I mean Wap does like a different play but like I wonder if they could do that. Well, it's like people do the already do that on top of there and like they do it. They like they try to teach it. Ian does it. Iman does a version of it where join [ __ ] and sell your products on [ __ ] So like he's doing it at mass scale but like still it's like we're it's missing someone hasn't truly done it like Iman has but like it's not become a thing where it's like [ __ ] is not a super structure yet too much or internet marketing space it is but I'm waiting for it to become like group funnels like who's going to do like funnel you know like we're missing that person and so um which I was talking to them like they were when I was talking to them we're like how do we help people make their first dollar online I was like well like you need to have something like that where someone comes in and it's like a challenge like they they're missing the one funnel away challenge for WAP. That's what they need and Iman's Iman's uh Iman's doing it. Iman's, you know, he's kind of doing it, but it's like we need it branded under [ __ ] And so if if I were a part of [ __ ] if hypothetically they ever offered me a job, if they ever came to me like, "Hey Josh, come in." you know just hypothetically you know not just hypothetically that's one of the first things I would do we need to have a process attached to the utility otherwise the utility feels worthless and people will drop off and won't use it that's why click funnel is big uh the process for go high level is reselling it so just saying if anyone's listening um someone said Josh why aren't you in Jeremy's thing Jeremy Haynes Miner so many Jeremy's Hannes he's saying why are you not in Jeremy He's inner circle. I'm going I'm going to the next one. Here's the thing. I would my mentor Mark Lack, my business partner, I met him, Mark Lack, he told me, Josh, at a certain point, you stop paying for information and you start paying for access. So only invest like once you hit that point, only invest in things you have access to people. The problem is everyone, okay, the people inside of Jeremy's program, the majority of the big dogs, I'm currently consulting them with low ticket or building their funnels. So, I have access to everything they're doing like that people are implementing his stuff. The only person I have access to is Jeremy himself. So, would I join? Yeah, probably. I mean, it's like I join I joined Eman saying I'll join all like might as well like I just want to hang out with people like I'll just That's what I mean. It's that girl. That's why I like but like I'm joining for hang out. I want to go like hang out in person vibe do all that. Um but yeah like in terms of like the people like I think I just want to hang out J. Hey what's up like go to Miami and just like vibe like that literally like with the freaking joining Eman like you were in it and you're like yo it's hype and I wanted to be connected to people in Europe and like that side. And so I was like all right I'm going to join. So I joined and then I also wanted to just like chat with Iman and just like see what's up and so I joined. So I'm very like I'm a people motivated person like uh buyer. So that's why I'm not in it yet is just like I'm already in stuff. I'm already like I want to go to like Iman's events first and just like do that and then who knows? I'm doing the I'm doing the full circuit right now. So I just did client ascension. So Daniel Fazio's that was that good. Biggest takeway. Who's the coolest person you met there? I'd never met Daniel. So Dan, well that's not true. I met Daniel like for like two seconds at Jeremy's thing and then we were like on different sides of the room and then they went off to do something and I went off to do something. So like the actual person I hung out with was Daniel, right? Um I had never met Nick Burge in person. Is a character and like he's just Yeah. Like he has a lot of interesting. Um but that that room was a lot of um basically Yeah. like kind of agencies or people getting into offers that only run organic and have run how many how many people there were like man I got to launch an info product I got to get out of agency like how many people were and there was other people who didn't even run online like full online businesses yet and we're like getting into it or like we're getting into info it was a cool room it was definitely so like there's that room the next one I'm going to is Jeremy's Jeremy's is tons of growth operators and then offer owners that are uh like mainly paid and that is like but same thing you're saying is like the proximity like who's in that room is is a vibe. Like Jeremy puts the right people in the room. He puts the events together really well. Jeremy gives his piece. Other people give their piece. It's very tactical. How's it The thing with those things though is like and then I'll shut up is like the the other power of that is like it's proximity. It's like not as like you said, it's not as much information anymore. Yeah. But it still is because like you hear one thing. True. that when you're doing volume, you hear one thing about how someone's doing some thank you page or some different perspective something. And like even what you just said about the Reddit thing, like that little tactical thing, you pick up one of those in the hallway and then you implement it when you're doing millions and it's like it it can add hundreds of thousands of dollars. That's like that again that's like the people like a lot of that stuff like offstage off the course like but again there's a season for you need to be you need to buy someone's freaking program. you need to grind all their calls, all their courses and become an absolute like killer. Like that's for me when I leveled up to give credit where credit's due. Allan from nothing else back like I bought automatic clients. I've been doing low ticket for a while. Like my first funnel I did low ticket for music niche uh years ago and but coming in I was like dialed and I just obsessed notes just like watching over and over then join nothing on the back watch every just dial dialed and you get to a certain point where it's less about learning and it's about doing then you do a bunch then once you've done a bunch now it's about knowing people and then you get access to people and so I'm at the stage where it's like people is like the main focus but you go from like in and out of seasons where it's like application and then like I guess networking or just like talking to people. But there's some seasons where it's like all right like I did these like I've been traveling for the last few weeks. I'm like okay I'm so ready to just just sit at home just be with my wife and just take action and build some of these. Let's cook into some of these. Someone said, "Why haven't we joined Joshua? Why haven't you joined my mastermind?" Who's that? Grant I think it was I think it was someone being I don't know. What if it's someone like really big actually? He's [laughter] got like someone he's like it's Grant Cardone or something. Yeah, man. All right. So, Casey's got a low ticket doing over 400K a month. What's your current funnel for upsells and ideation creation? It feels like low ticket is my entire bread and butter, but we're concerned that we're going to cannibalize or alienate our base by going high ticket. Uh, no. like what's what's the offer niche or I mean like yeah drop are you selling something that's high ticket for low ticket cannibalize cannibalize at the end of the day uh at the end of the day there's going to be always be a percentage of people who are going to want more access we're just talking about uh or certainty which is so funny like uh I learned this this one's from Allan too shout Allan uh glaze where glazes do credits do um he talked about how like your front-end offer your like so you have your front an offer which gives them like each of the process the back end you're selling certainty right so it's like your offer Ryan for what your company does which we I don't know which company I'm not going to leak it I don't know what you guys do but I'm I'm guessing on the back end your backend offer is giving people certainty that they're going to be able to follow through and get results right there's his he said he's an e-commerce and reselling low ticket Discord community what I don't even know what that means reselling profitable item leads software tools Dang. So it's like it's bisop. Well, the natural ascension of bisop is always just doing more stuff for them. You can't just implementation. Yeah. Like what's the result? You sell them all the tools. You give them all the information. If you're not if you're a bizop and you're not doing high ticket, you're you're Yeah. You're missing you're missing a lot of money. Don't say done for you and your claims, but just say like we'll help them set up things with them implementation and you're in a print. Daniel said a good thing at client ascension. He was like, yeah, you you can in all your marketing basically like lean into the claims around like the we do it for you and like all of that because it's in the offer stack. So like you can use the big claim, the big offer, the big stuff to get the increased click rate, the increase optin, the increase whatever decrease cost. Then they come in and then if they want the done for you, it is up here or the information's here and it's like the classic ascension ladder where it's like here's all the information how to do it. If you want it done with you, it's 5K instead of 1K and if you want it done for you, it's 20K instead of five, right? Like yeah, just imple but you can use the claims up front because you do Oh, 100%. You do offer that, but it's almost like a downell. Always hire back because it's the most sex like whenever we low ticket a callunnel, we're always pitching the highest level product. Uh meaning like the high then you features are the top thing. Yeah. And then your sales team filters the leads. So then you don't need complex follow-up. When do I upsell this? How do I just let your sales team do it with links? Um so yeah, I think it's like Hermosi. He's like his offer book was heavy along along that like the what you'll do for them. But the problem is everyone read that purple book and just looked at the guarantee chapter and just started ripping crazy guarantees appointments, hundreds of appointments, a thousand appointments or you don't pay. You don't pay. I did pay. [laughter] I did pay. Yeah. Um which is interesting. A company followed advice to do 10 million a year. Follow the advice to do that kind of guarantee and increase their prices too. The fulfillment cost they didn't think about plan it out. Crazy. The you know customers just were crazy. They had to shut everything down. The amount of money it took to close the business was crazy. Which I thought was interesting. Ryan, I'm curious about you think about this. What I was on the call with this company. Yeah, they did 10 million. They were doing 10 million a year. Very big company. And they were saying like Josh, you know, everyone taught us how to start a info business. Everyone teaches you how to start it, how to scale it. Nobody teaches you how to close one. Everyone's saying grandfather them into this, offer this fulfillment, do this and that. But no one thinks about the end point, especially if everyone's saying you can't exit info. They're like, no one taught us that. So they spent over a million dollars to close down their business. I'm not gonna say names. I'm not gonna I'm not going to talk about that. Yeah. It's like how is that something we need to talk about? Because the only people coming in the game who get sold on this idea, oh my gosh, you know this. But it's like majority of them did this to make the money. Maybe they actually don't see themselves doing this long term. What happens when you want to shut things down? You you do what Becker did. You do what ovens did. You do what any of those guys do and you bite a Kajjabi bill until you die. And that what if you offered like what focus matter you give it no you give it six months of die down time like you sunset it and like some people are mad and you keep access to the information is what happens generally speaking it's like they get x amount of time longer they get another six months of training you get ahead of it if you're like you know trying to be good about it you give and then or the calls go from three times a week to once a week to down right like you just dwindle over time and especially with like the hot biz oper like the what's hot now like one that already happens And then but info products that's that is what the top guys have done when they exit is you just get access forever and like right now I can go log into Becker's course and Becker doesn't sell courses hasn't sold courses in 5 years and he you know killed off the Facebook group because people started farming it and using it as like lead genen and trying to like scalp inside there and it was just like gross and ugly and he called everyone out for it and was like I'm just I'm just going to shut this off. Yeah, cuz you guys aren't like playing nicely in here or like using it for just the resource of having the pocket of people which would have been a great community. There's there's heaters in there and it's like moved everyone to their thing and then they sold the and then whatever then when they sold the business instead of you know when he left it they basically dwindled or first time it dwindled. So yeah, I mean but no it's it's a great point because it's like but that my dad has a quote that's like uh you either ought to go you either you either exit your business or you go out like on a stretcher, right? Like it's like that's it. It's like one or the other. It's like you either like you got out you sold it like there was a good way or there's like you just went you just worked until he died. And like so true in info if you're it's a different business model where you're trying to just like make a bunch of cash quick. And if you're promising forever access that's just a Kajjabi bill or a school or a [ __ ] or whatever bill. And then the coaching side of it is is the hard part. That's why I also think that when Ovenans taught everyone sell a forever program, us included, and we did that, that yes, it's easier to sell. It's obviously harder to fulfill because it's forever. Uh but like it also just nukes any type of retention or future cash flow or anything if you don't anchor it around a time frame and have a subscription base or like oh, you have six months access. It's not even like subscription. You can you can sell it as access and it sells. Yeah, I this company I remember they did a really good job at that. It was literally like 13 weeks of the group coaching and um I remember when they canled it and like I got kicked out and I was like frick I went back in like shoot that was actually pretty good. Yeah. Oh well, you know you can renew and then oh freak and I was back in or they timed their events so it's like near the end everyone's renewal in person events you get a free ticket and then you know you're about to cancel it's like hey extend it those Yeah. And they made for money. Yeah. I don't remember where I was talking about this. I think I think it was in the video, but I don't remember if it was just in general. But like the idea of time frames is huge. And like someone was at Jeremy's event and asked me like, "Oh yeah, we're thinking someone was literally like, "Oh, we're going to move our thing to a year because your thing is a year." And I was like, "You just ext." And I was like, "Listen, don't do that. go the opposite direction because like one you just added you doubled your fulfillment cost if you have coaching. Yeah. Or the time or your own resources time or whatever that doubled that cut your cost per your your dollar per hour in half whatever. And then also like you have to think about how that's like actually sold especially because they were uh they were bisop. So I'm like do you think someone wants a year to hit the results or they want to hit the results 90 days? Like it's not about having the access and the coaching for a year. Like that's a benefit this way but what they're the whole reason they're paying you is for the results. So if they could do it in the same day versus 90 days versus 365 like you want to constrict the time and then it also decreases your costs and then it also makes it so you can like all the things. Yeah, it's like a dance. In bizop one of the best ways to position to get ongoing in my opinion is doing an implement and release offer where there's fast implementation either on your end or with them. You release it to them and then you say, "Hey, we'll stay with you like oversee or consult it for a certain amount of time, month, two months, three months." Then afterwards, if you want to continue, you can. And then I'll say like, "Hey, like you know, not not all of our customers really need to. Sometimes it just crushes off the bat and they run it and they keep going. And even some who do crush it like to stay just because we can help them." And then there's some who really want us to hold their hand. So I'm like, I'm giving a path for everyone. And I found my prospects were like, "Oh, okay." Like they're not worried. Oh, am I getting signed to a contract or what happen? Are you saying it's going to break them when you release it to me? Are you like you got to think about Yeah. when you're positioning like you're saying a year? It's like why do I need a year? Yeah. Yeah. Like ours is Yeah. a year because of like physical it takes time for Yeah. Which makes sense. But like when you're in bisop or you're in like a resultsoriented thing like I would make it shorter if we could like we're talking about making it shorter just based on like inflections on how serious people are and like what the average time for someone to like stay invested is before they have like but that can also be done with like other conversations that like there's a lot around this but it's like the natural inflection or how long it actually takes to get the result if it could be done in a day or 30 days or 90 or whatever like yeah that there's some other good ones in here. And that's why I like um health related offers or physical related offers because there is just a understanding that things require maintenance and so it's just naturally built in the bi the biology naturally creates the retention like my freaking uh what's it uh what it corrective chiropractor bro hits like his sales pitch is great he's got this thing like MPC where it's like maintenance problem crisis or it's like if you don't maintain things then you have a problem and then If you delay the problem or you try to numb it, then all a sudden there's a crisis. Then you take a shot or something to go back to maintenance. Then it keeps looping. And so then I'm like, freak, dude. He's like, that's why you have to keep coming into chiropractor's office to maintain it. And then like when I don't come in, he's like, and if I say there's a problem, then this is so smart. He's like, well, he's like, looking at your sheet here, you've missed this many weeks. So like, what do you want me to tell you? Like, and so I never know if I would have been better or not. I wasn't there. So I can't draw compliments. [laughter] completely absolve the responsibility. So, it's on on me, which is fair. It is on me. I should have come in. And so, part of like with our offers we're trying to do, Dan Kennedy did this where it's like if you didn't complete stuff by a certain date, he wouldn't he's like boom, no consulting call like go do it and then come back and the chirop the chiropractors they'd have you do your at home exercises. Yeah, I did it. Okay, do it for me right now. And then they no one knew him. He's like, all right, you got to leave. Like, and it creates this great responsibility. It's like, hey, it's on you. And so even in our offers that are in like the physical space, we're architecting that into where it's like, no, this is this is how it is. This is you got to get this stuff done and oh, you didn't do it. Shoot man, I told you what to do. So I think this bisop to health to relationship, I don't know, relationship. I haven't really done much like retention because it's so hard. You get the girlfriend, then what? And like then you get the wife. Is that the And then it's like keep the wife probably. But most of these guys just want to get sex. So I don't know. I haven't touched those offers. So, yeah, only marriage ones. I have no I have no comment. Um, no. Cardinal amazing answer this. Yeah, dude. I see his ads all the time though. He's cruising. Um, yeah, Giddy's Getty leaned into AI. I was I started a new low ticket offer and it's profitable on the front end. How do you best go about transitioning people to community or high ticket? I currently just have a community as an upsell. Uh, how do people do communities as upsells, Ryan? Mr. But but Ryan here here's here's low ticket high ticket community MR it's it's the it's imagine imagine the going into Netflix imagine for Netflix and then you come in and then you're like they're like oh sorry only like 50% of the call these movies are available to your what I'm paying for paying monthly should I get all of should I should I get all of the movies no that's a different tier imagine the customer you're creating so the thing about youth info the do it yourself. Hey, we're going to give you support in our community. Calls this and that and then you try to upsell them high ticket afterwards and they're like, but I thought I had everything for 97 a month. Oh, what what just happened there? You just have a disgruntled customer. And sure, if you have status, you're paying the guru game. It's like you get one-on-one help, but does everyone want oneonone? Probably not. Could you have made more money off the person oneonone? Yeah. You want to fulfill oneonone? And so, and I'm speaking because I like I'm not here to knock. I'm because I've done this. Like I did a low ticket to a membership. We got the membership to over $100,000 recurring cold traffic. Low ticket to a school group, right? So low ticket page and they sign up on the page, goes to school group, $50 7-day trial, then it goes to 297 a month. And we saw these problems trying to send them. And so after experiencing that, yeah, recurring MR only exists as a downell. Yeah. On the back after after continuity, it's continuity on the on the tail. So you go low to high if you're and then after high the continuity is instead of them paying high again they drop into what is likely lower continuity recurring. Yeah. So exactly. Yeah. And then like the actual mechanism in which you you bring them from low to high is like generally speaking is going to be one of these onboarding implementation something if you're trying to like collapse the time. So like right after they purchase because it's the hottest. And then the other is when they hit set inflection point within the info or the low ticket to where it makes sense for them. The next step is the high. So it's either like you compress the time and force it, but if you're profitable on the front end, you're probably running like upsell downell train and you're probably doing things to get the OV up where you're not going to get the same take rate on the implementation call or the same amount of volume. Um, so it's likely better inside somewhere in the info, assuming the info is good, uh, that they want to take the next step and the offer is the continuation or like Josh said, it's the help, it's the whatever. Yeah. Also, one of the most like ascension wise, which I need to get better at doing this because um I I just don't do this enough as I should be. But identity, especially if it's business opportunity. Yeah. um identity attack like who you become the title you receive when you join this program which I look at the times I've ascended it's because someone's like you don't have you're not this member you're not a this like whatever like the name they would give it and I'll never forget Allan Sultanic and nothing back I was in the $500 a month one and I'd ask him so many questions and he got so sick of it he'd reply with a gif with someone on a pushing a remote button saying fast forward fast forward there just and that's the name of his program fast forward. So he would just be like I would answer if you're in this. I waited like a year and I was like freaking it. Like I joined like I want to go a fast forward member. Oh, you know and that is huge. And so you need to have a divide where it's like dude you got to like you're on one side of the Red Sea you got to get to the other. I can split the Red Sea for you but you need to pay me. Yeah. Single has like a version. He put it on screen. Yeah. Yeah, it was like basically like low ticket to mid ticket function kind of and then like the bonus they got was the VSSL to sell the high ticket and then like you make a lot of the money on the high ticket for the first time. You're basically like breaking even on all your spend up until you get to like high ticket fulfillment thing. That's where you make a ton of your money and then where you make like forever money basically is after high ticket is where they drop an MR and community on the back. And then exactly what you're saying is like now you're a VIP whatever thing. you paid your five grand to join and 2K a month or whatever it is. You keep paying 2K and then when you go to all the events, you guys all sit at one table and you all have your little badges and you came a day early and they're all VIPs and everyone else sits like over on the other sites and you're like, "Oh, I want to be in that group." Which comes through high ticket and then dropping into the monthly. So, it's like genius. I thought all the Top Info guys have always done it. You got to just It's a Dan Kelly talks about it's like this dance. It's a It's a not a dance. It's like a performance and the table and a name tag. It's all a performance and it's like it makes the customers feel good who bought it. It also makes other people want to join. Like you have to look at this as like a performance. Like we're talking about how like with our Zoom calls for our setters and sales teams are designing a specific background to give it a certain feel. We're baming them a special way like Yeah. No 100%. It's a dance. What percentage of no shows are you recovering with Setters AI? Um, that's kind of a loaded question because so, all right, when we get bookings direct for, let's just call it, so you're running VSL funnel, you get 100 calls on calendar, we actually have it set that you have an ad confirmation team. So, you can use call centers, you can use setters, you can use whoever. It's better than AI because you're actually talking. You're dialing. You're not just texting because when someone texts, it's very low friction and it's like easy and it's not like a true commitment or like whatever. So, we'll dial of those of the ones that answer the setter and confirm, those show at like insane rate. So, those show at like 80% plus like all day good. Of the ones that do not confirm, so they just like literally ghost and they never respond. Those unconfirmed show at like 20 to 30%. So, very very bad. So, the percentage of no-shows that are recovered with setter and AI, kind of a loaded question because it's like blended. If your numbers were going to be 50, you just recaptured 30% by dialing, but you also found the ones that weren't. So, then you can remove them from calendar, so you can refill those spots. So, it's like effectively actually much higher. So, I don't really have a direct answer for that. And then we also don't use AI on any of those functions currently because we don't want to because we use humans instead because they're dialing. But we will use AI for the in between the squeeze pre-booking for someone who's like uh you know a lead or uh an opt or an app and hasn't booked. So you can get more of a squeeze of that like ratio. So that's getting you from a 50 or 60% to like a 70 or 80 let's say. But then on the back that's humans. So hopefully that answers. Do you have anything on that one? Uh, I just I just hire a done for you sales agency. They get me this. They do it. I don't know. They send them the reports in the mail. Seriously, I look at my Slack. Okay. Yeah. Oh, nice. Look, look at that. And they just say me $900,000 day yesterday. Cool. They they lead score it. They're like, "Yeah, I mean it." Like it's And I'm okay. I'll go to the marketing. Let's change that. Like I'll look at that stuff and then I go do stuff on the front end, but I'm not really the And then I'll I'll help architect like the the performance. like that's what I do which like the call and the setters can be a part of the performance or the dance like we're talking about but some of that's just like general followup that they can do. So currently in the hobby niches selling courses 99 to 149 focus on specific problems like fix your slice shot when transitioning to membership in the back end I thought we said no membership uh membership in the back end how to position the offer when you can't position it as solve your specific because there's no specific outcome to claim. So you're going from niche on the front and then you're trying to get them all in one generalized community. Yeah. I mean I think that here's the thing. Why here? Why do people pay for communities? You want me to answer? Are we asking? Yes. Okay. Rhetoric. Okay. Why people they pay for a community? Um well identity, right? They want to be on the other side of the wall. They also want groups like they want to know like am I missing out on something and like am I keeping up the trends like it's like paying for a subscription magazine to see what the celebrities are doing like because people always ask like they join a group they go into the freaking the community hey guys is what is in the course still working today because they want to know like what's up to date so they want the community's input um and then accountability supposedly but I don't know sometimes and the thing you said earlier with the catalog method they want access to everything so if you're giving them access to all of the courses and all the things, not all cart, which you're starting with allocart by being like direct response. Here's how you solve this one specific thing and then on the back you're dropping them into, oh, here's how you do everything. Here's how you fix your slice and here's how you find the best driver that's best for you and here's how you do all this kind of stuff. Like look at performance golf. They do hundreds to my understanding. Yeah, they do a lot. Um, I talked to a dude and he said the biggest mistake he made in his loy ascension funnel was making his upsell one uh annual annual recurring and there and the funny like they did annual and then down monthly and they were about across I think like 10 million ARR but he said like it totally killed any potential essential on the back end other than adding in like physical products. So he was like, I would have added in other things before that, before the recurring um and did more of a catalog model. And that's somebody who's like pushing big volume and has a decent size like recurring coming in. But even he knows like it cannibalizes also turns off a lot of people who don't want to join a community yet, don't want a recurring subscription. Like subscriptions that freaking slash with the M and the O and the dot carries so much and cause so much resistance. It's insane. That's why I don't like to do It's either like paid trial or like I just hate like I just I don't like it. It's so much resistance. So the Yeah. software companies like Rocket Money exist to make millions and millions of dollars helping people cancel their subscriptions. And so it's like yeah I mean the the the bigger part of this question you're asking is like here's how I acquire customers and I acquire customers through these niche specific response funnels that solve a problem and what you're then monetizing on right now is one thing and the second thing you're saying is a subscription that are these are just two ways to monetize. It's like you have a you have an ICP of people who are coming in who want to learn how to solve their slice. Now you have a pool of buyers. How do you monetize that? What else does that person buy? Who else sells that? Who like that's who else is customer? That's drivers that like you have partnerships, you have e-commerce, you have subscriptions, you have high ticket, you have in-person golf lessons, you have remote like you have you have a plethora. The whole idea of direct response, you're getting a bunch of buyers that are all the same type of person and now how can you monetize them in 42 different ways? The data alone you could sell to a per like a golf like there's a lot of ways not just how do I now sell them a subscription for Mr. There's this vaster dean fire. What is a good conversion rate on a low ticket offer? I assume he means like the direct card. So like at So click 5 to 8%. 5 to eight used to be 8 to 12 before things change in the market. Like if you asked me three years ago when I first No, there's again it depends. If we're talking the big three markets, wealth, health, relationships, yes. if you're getting to like these weird markets. Like I've got a dude I know a dude who's ripping recipe. He's selling one recipe with bumps. Um and I'm not going to say what type of recipe. I'm not going to tell you anything else. It's all private. He's probably watching this and he's shaking right now. He's like, "Oh no, Josh is going to leak it." I'm not gonna leak anything. It's all secret. But let's just say it's recipes. Who knows what this recipe could be? Could be illegal. Um, but he's ripping is absolutely like the insane front and conversion rates. But again, it's just cuz it's not the competition. There's aren't people bidding like the cost per clicks are really low. Um, like it it's it's insane. Uh, and so there's some sub markets better, but 5 to 8% is a range like and then and then when you're at that, if you're at 5% but the economics still seem whack, try to figure out, okay, is it can I where do I need to increase it? But just use as a rule of thumb, then either hit that. if you're not hitting it, feel like, okay, our opt-in rate, like with our current funnel, we're uh we're working on we're only at like a 2% on the front end. And I'm like, frick, we need to get this up. So then I go and look, what's stopping it? Okay, our optin, our front end uh conversion page, our opt-in to get to order form is too low. It's at like 6%, we need it at 8% and then we need our checkout rate to go up 15%. And if we do that, then we we'll be able to get to that 5%. And so you just diagnose it that way and then I know, okay, what do I need to do today? Let me work on the front end page. Okay, fix the front end page. How's the order form holding up? Ah, frick. Okay, let me work on that. And then if that doesn't work, then it's like, let me go all the way back to ad level. Who are we sending to the page? Because that honestly, I would probably look at that before the opt-in page because we looked at our ads and there's no saying there's a there's nothing. It's saying we made this training for you to teach you this. Click the link below. So we're getting all these curiosity and it wasn't an ad team running it. So we we didn't handle that. That's my role as consulting to go and see that. I'm like freak guys. Like no one we're just getting curiosity clicks. So just keep diagnosing it like that. Keep diag It's all math equation. It's so fun, dude. $5 clicks, 5% conversion rates what 100 bucks $100 CPA. Now what is the AOV? What are your order bumps? What are your whatever? Are you okay with liquidating 50% because you know that then the ascension rate take rate is this? Like it's all it's all just a math equation. But 5% is the quick number. And then ascension is that your wife. [laughter] You're already in it. Josh and Ryan, why aren't you in my mastermind? It's me, Ty Lopez. I wish it was Ty. Someone get Ty in the chat. Say hi. My wife's gonna say hi. Hello. Yeah, son. I need like I need I need that award. I need something like that award, but I just need my picture of my wife behind me, dude. That's what I need for my YouTube thumbnails. Facts. All right. What did you say? Sorry, I didn't say anything. You said uh Tai Lopez was in the chat. Um selling eBay off. Not actually. All right. This one's you. Oh gosh. Alert ticket funnel, $47 front end, $27 order bump, 197 upsell, 997 upsell 2. Wow. Mainly organic. any issues you see with the pricing that that 997 has to be done for you or I mean not has to but better be done for you because I've done a 997 upsell too but uh it was a done for you build out like a LinkedIn profile build out which converted at 10% but it was because it was done for you uh but we had issues where people were clicking it and not looking at the price then we're like what the freak I got charged for 1K so we had to like delay the CTA and so normally a 997 in the back of a low ticket would be on a webinar like Onyx does, like Blake Newar does, like Russell does after they purchase a low ticket. So, that's my only hesitancy with like the pricing you have there. Um, and then $47 front end. I would try to get it to 27. I a lower price points. We're just seeing a lot of friction with like so many offers being out there. So, I just like like I've been trying to go lower and see if I can compete in the upsell path. Uh, and so I was consulting someone, you know, which I won't name drop. Uh, and we were talking about low ticket and that's one of the tests we ran. And so far it's holding up decent. Uh where we lowered the price by $20 and we're running at a lower price point on the front end uh at like $7 and that's working and still getting Ascension. So my thought is like, dude, if I can get if I could get imagine a $99 front end offer to get me people I could still send on the back end, that'd be sick. My fronting conversion rate would be insane. Yeah, exactly. Would and my question is, would you rather be on the phone with someone like would you rather be on the phone with somebody who's maybe consume your VSSL but is giving you zero dollars or someone who's paid you $1 like free no dollar is $1. I don't know. I I think obviously there's the issue of like yes the quality and spoon watches if you sell the concept but but just want to have both but at the end of the day like I'm trying to see how low can I go on the front end without messing up my entry because there's been like this there's been this narrative where it's like the lower the you have on the front end [laughter] then tell me how are we selling a $5,000 health focused offer to cold traffic on the back end of a $17 offer right how if that's the case how what the heck and so my thoughts why not go to heaven, I go lower and then get more people in the door. Um, and there's other there's other cases I've seen too, but that that's one where I was like, oh, and it's not bizop, so you can't be like, oh, you're making claims. There's no claims, so that argument is just kind of falling apart from this argu Oh, oh, it it needs we're No, bro. It's probably your messaging. Like Jeremy Hayes talk about his YouTube videos like the messaging. Probably your messaging. Yeah. Like Horoszi just went from a $29 book to a $240,000. Yeah. He did $18,000 upsell with no uh sales 40, which uh also you'd like to share the class? Just bought this. I've seen I've never bought this before. Uh hund this was a hundred what $80 book. Yeah, that's like the amount of status and like everyone flexing this just Who is it? Brian Curts. Brian Curts is the one who redided it, right? I think so. I w dude I was watching their videos that I bought the upsells because I I always buy the upsells. You got to you got to show love to the fellow low ticket people. But I was like dude there's actually some good stuff that no one's ever taught me before. Like a process of like starting an offer from scratch. I skipped like majority of these steps and I have to come back and do it later. So it's probably good if I read it. Like what is mass desire? How is it created? Fire. First chapter. First chapter. All right. What else we got on here? I'm running a low ticket sales coaching [ __ ] That's $99 a month, but I don't know what the best way to convert. Only IG traffic at the moment. Organic for consumption. Low ticket sales coaching W. Flex. Show off your commissions. Do story series every day, handling objections, changing beliefs, call to action, your link and bio. Flex. You do reals, flexing, being funny, being different. They click on your profile, they might follow you, they click your link. Then you do story sequences every day where it's like the same photo, a white text, black. Hey, oh, I used to think I couldn't make money because I didn't have a freaking phone. Oh, well, here's what I don't know. Like, you just objection handling. Hey, if you're interested, join my community. It's only $99. I don't know. Just there's so many the amount of remote sales rep like coaches on my feed now. My profile, it's like it's a lot. So, just copy them. I guess that's their all. I don't know. I don't know enough about that, Mark. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. I'm just like, what do I I'm only giving advice off what I've seen other people doing. So, thanks. Another one for Josh. I launched my anxiety coaching and I'm making $5,000 a month passively. Just want to give you a big thank you. It changed my life. Look at you. Praise God. Look at you. Hey, shout out you for help with our anxiety. That's big way to do that. Keep doing it. 5,000. How How many more people you can help? Like how many like I loved uh I was talking geez just keep glazing Allan right now. Allan, I was messaging him and he had I was talking to him. I was like, you know, Allan, I might stop doing interviews. I might just like stop doing it. And he was like he had sent me this long voice message and it was super encouraging. Like he was like just talking about like no like think all the people you're helping, all the people are watching free like why would you do that? Think like think about all the people you're helping. Don't hold anything back. Like you know he he said like you play a very important role. You might not realize uh but but you do. 10 years from now, the next generation will look back at your interviews and go, "Holy sword." Uh, that's the moment changed for me. And I was like, "Dude, that's such a good perspective like what you're doing for other people." So, instead of just motivated by money, like $5,000 a month, like, "Let's go. Stop getting paid for your passion." Imagine how people are helping at 10,000, 15, 20. I'm not trying to get not trying to get all Tony Robbins on you and be like, "Oh, turn your, you know, whatever." Like, I'm not trying to, but genuinely like that's so cool. I think all those people you're helping uh who are struggling. So, shout out to you, Jean. Good work. Shout out Jean. Oh, here we go. Andy's back with So, it's a $50 low ticket AOV. This is the one who's front end profitable, who is pushing them to a community, who we were saying was like you were talking about ascension. So, I want to scale it, but I hate managing a sales team. So, you're saying if you're saying you hate managing a sales team, you're saying that the $99 community does sales coaching? No, this is the guy that does the profitable low ticket that then goes into a community that you were like don't go into community and then try and go from community to one to one. But he's saying it's the current flow and he's saying I want to scale but I hate managing sales team. So if you have the booking volume you can just get a sales agency. They require you to be at x amount of monthly revenue and they require like a couple things there but like once you do that like you're kind of off to the races and then you can just hire a sales agency to manage it for 20% and call it a day. So like that exists. I just don't know if you have the flow for it. But Pedro, can you guys roast my free plus shipping offer? Yes. Send it. Drop it. Dude, remember the series you used to do? Man, that feels so long ago. It was. If you started from zero knowledge with some money, what would you guys do to get to your first one, five, and 10K a month? Get a job. I'd get a job. I'd make $5,000 a month in my job. Then after hours, I would try to make my next 5,000 for my online business without the stress of paying the bills. Then once I replace my 5,000 of my online money and I have 3 to six months saved up, I would quit my normal job, focus on my online, get to 10,000, make my first hire for, you know, 20% of my income go to a first hire to automate it. Then I'd be doing 8,000 taxes. You're made taking home, you know, decent amount, live your means, live in your parents' basement, and then just keep stacking and then keep stacking. How would I make the money? Figure out what you do and don't want to be responsible for. The only way you figure that out is by doing a bunch of stuff, figure out what you hate. So, you just have to do stuff. No one can tell you. Like, I can tell you a bunch of business models, but if you don't do anything, what's the point? Uh, and so you need to go do a bunch of stuff and then every uh quarter, it starts every quarter. Uh, you sit down and you go, what do what do I not want to be responsible for? Write it all out. Don't don't no one else's input. Not Ryan's, not mine, not Tai Lopez, your f what do you not want to be responsible for? Just be as you design your life and then what do you do on yourselves for? What do you like? Write that out. Look at your current business. Is it getting you that? If it's not, could you hire someone to take it away from you? No. Okay. Well, shoot. Do do you need to suffer a little bit longer until you can hire for it? And you do a diagnosis. Okay. You're not things are good. You're in the green. You know, you're not you're still able to keep going with like the things that are on your plate. Awesome. Keep going for another three months. Check back in. Uh and then if it's like this all sucks, this is bad. It's all burning. It's okay. then start over. But and then once you start making 30 uh you know 30 40 50 then you can maybe do this like you at that point you're probably not going to do you probably found your business but I'll still check and every month and be like who do I need to hire for or do I need to change my model of fulfillment? So I just sit down I sit I'm like what am I doing right now I don't want to be responsible for and then I okay hire somebody to do it or change your business so you don't have to fulfill that way. Boom. Mic drop. I have nothing else to add. What? I do like the I said I said I have nothing else to add. Uh, no. I think the Yeah, the getting a job thing is underrated. It's like it's it's such an easy path. You get paid to learn. You can make so much money working for someone else and then like if you ever want to even go do your own thing, you can just then do it because you know everything. Not everything, but you know the things to at least get started. Not you don't slept on roll tacos to his event in Florida. He's a like a client success specialist for a company. Gets paid five or $6,000 a month remote. Just checks in with people, holds them accountable, just vibing. He gets commission on Ascension if he gets people to upsell. Just vibing. And then he's working on other stuff on the side. I'm like, dude, and he found the job on like Indeed or something like it's crazy. It's crazy. I mean, they're they're it's good roles. It's like people always ask the it's great role how to get into like the marketing side and whatever. And it's like you can learn so much of it and then just go work for someone for like very like affordable just to start. And the second leverage in the tech and the marketing and the whatever it's like there's now income to pay you more like simple. So dude I mean so dude even like oh sorry go ahead. No no no please setters honestly like if I could be a setter DM setter for a really good company which is a lot of competition. I like our role. Um, I know someone in tech sales setting. So, it's like not as new. It's garages. I know guys who do that where that was at sale that was in like a B2B sales environment and then they had a private equity company buy their software, not like like use their software, not like buy the company and then they liked their sales rep so much he came over to be like an SDR basically at private equity companies because they needed like deal flow and just crushes because the comp package includes like when you get LOI signed you get a percentage of the deal and like all this kind of crazy stuff. So they make like bread. Love that. Um, in the low ticket, we have a bunch of these, so let's crank through. In low ticket offer, what's happening on setter calls and how do you transition the closer calls and what happens on the closer call? Um, all right. So on low ticket offers, on the setter call, you're basically like reaffirming the decision to do it. You're actually doing the qualification and then you're like parlaying into talking to someone for the other offer, which is you're talking to the closer. So like you just bought this thing that does this. Do you have access? Great decision. uh why did you choose to do this? Instead of apply for the big thing and they're like, "Oh, I didn't know the big thing existed." Oh, okay. Well, it does like this and this. Are you interested in this? Is this going to solve your problem? Okay, awesome. All right. Well, you need to talk to so and so. Are you free tomorrow to do that or later today? And then you set. And on the closer call, it's a closer call. So, you you know, go through the entire close framework. I go watch. Can I plug? Is it okay if I plug my YouTube please? Ryan, can I please um we did a one-hour master class with Zach or awesome, one of the best done for you sales agencies on my channel, and we talk everything about the sales process and how you frame the call and he does it. So, uh, check him out. And then someone else asked, "What fire sales agencies are out there?" Obviously Josh Troy. Yeah, Josh Troy. I have a video on mine where I talked to Josh for like two hours. Yeah, he's good. Rob Quinn's a sleeper. I'm trying to keep him. I already I literally like I made a post. I shared him and I complete I I got him on our offer. He's doing great and I had worked with him before. Then I told people about him. Then he got super busy and I was like, "Rob, like I had to ask like can you fulfill like am I good with my offer?" He's like, "Yeah, he's good." And now he's hiring more people. So like there's a waiting list. Scalable. Just Yeah. Josh Troy can scale. Yeah. He knows his activity model. Like talking to him about his like he's dialed with that. He's dialed. So, like if you're talking sales agency and they're just like, "Yeah, we'll just we'll have two closers and we'll just put as many calls as you want and like they're not talking about like time and how many slots just immediately hang up because they don't they they don't know how to scale." Yeah, Josh Troy is a really good one where uh in our video, you just watch it. He talks all about this, but he talks about how you have like dedicated setters, dedicated closers, you have a you have a shared manager, so like you actually get like efficiency there and then but they're like dedicated to yours. They're dedicated to your CRM. They're dedicated to your thing and he's just like they have a constant hiring pipeline, so people are ready. So he's a good one as well. Um Ari, hi Ari. Oh, is this Hey, go watch. Hey, also what the freak my uh should I handle a customer support issue. My watt money is not getting deposited. It's It's funny because Ari actually has sent me a slack and just I was gonna say I'm pretty sure that mine just landed. So, he's on it. Um, shiny object idea. Testing a new niche. $75 pay per lead. It's prepaid then pay after delivery. How do you structure a direct to checkout with a sales rep on cold traffic? Wait, what? Lead gen dude. Aren't you you do this, Ryan? That sounds like a Ryan. Testing a new niche. $70 $75 pay per lead. It's prepaid. Then pay after delivery. Am I how to structure direct to checkout with a sales rep on cold traffic without I'm sorry without a sales rep. We need like a template for packaging questions. Yeah, we do. I maybe What outcome do you want? What outcome do you want? What's your question? Everyone in the chat if you got questions ask people live. What outcome do you want? What's your question? All right. First one. [laughter] What's the outcome you want? Like no, I'm 6'5. 65. You already answered this one. Wistia versus Vidalytics for video hosting. Vidalytics all day. I saw this other one someone talked about, but yeah, analytics. The other one is uh the other big one that people talk about is I'm blanking as well, but it's like the ClickBank of people. Yeah. Verb. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Verb. Dropfunnels versus Clickfunnels. I've never run Drop Funnels. Oh, Drop Funnels. I know the actually I know the guy who started it. Great dude. Jordo, let's give a shout out. All right, let's give a little shout out here. If if you're doing recurring memberships, Ryan, you might actually want to talk. You might want to talk to this dude. Great plug. Metamat Onyx event owns Roado. Revo t. If you're doing any membership community, hit him up if you have an app, anything. Because what he does, he has real humans. They go into your account, your Stripe and integrations. when there's a failed payment or whatever, they're pretty much like account managers and they'll go recover the money and you just pay them a percentage of what they recover and it's like real genuine conversations. How can we help you? They work out payment plans they work out and they just do a commission only and they did this a lot for like apps like uh kind of like Cali type apps. Uh info coaching is a big one. So I use them and so it's like here's the thing you're already going to lose the money and you either lose the money or you build out your own recovery team. So that's payroll, training, sops, management, or you give them their percentage, which is like I don't want to say I'm sure there's different rates to other people, but it's bro, if you're it's like why not? You're going to lose that money anyway. So Ravado huge. Jordo, he actually started Dropfunnels. Uh Dropfunnels, he saw the churn issue there. So when he exited Drop Funnels, he jumped in to solve this problem. So you're working with someone who actually built a big software company. But all to say, as much as I love Jordo and a product you created, I'll never touch Drop Funnels. [laughter] I'll never touch Drop Funnels is what? It's like WordPress, so it's meant to be faster and then it has like membership sites, right? Don't even touch it. I I I only Click Funnels is a go high level. Partly because I'm lazy and I want drag and drop. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. I I don't know anything about it enough about it to talk on it. But sales 99 a month here. Josh said, "At the moment, just copying what's working. Is there anything funnel related I should implement? I have free training optin and killer setting team to use." Josh said, "At the moment, just copying what's working. Is there anything?" Copy what's working. What am I copying? Oh, yes. Uh, for the sales agency, copy what's working there. Funnel actually implements. Are you going right to a W page? like are you if you want to convert more it's like if you're going right to a school page or W page there's only so much we can add to that page to boost conversions which is why I've been telling and asking Watt politely uh just can we have a funnel builder like can we add a headline can we have a VSSL like please it's not like go high level copy click funnels just copy copy just copy them I want a headline I want a video I want a subtext a button and a place put image that's If I could get that US director response mark a fake timer. Just kidding. Just like the little thing. I'll be following like just do like perspective version like mobile first like imagine drag and drop mobile builder for WP director just for the sales page you're saying right? That's the sales page. Yeah. Just for that one like the the Yeah. Oh imagine. Yeah. Or probably not listening to us anymore. He's probably on a sales call but yeah he dropped in just a farming it. He's literally just Yeah, they'll talk about Wap now. So, I'm just going to Yeah. Yeah. Dang it. It worked. Also, I got the Slash dude. He's texting me. So, hey, shout out Slash. Everyone's get the plugs. Frick. Establishing a new business model. Affiliate commerce through low ticket. Any tips on getting the world to know about it through low ticket affiliates? All right. So, what is this? Establishing a new business model. It's called affiliate. Is that like his unique mechanism? Affiliate. How do I keep these things on the screen? Sorry guys. Affiliate commerce through low ticket. I don't know what that means, but any word on the same way you get you use low ticket and affiliates on any other offer? Affiliate commerce world. Yeah, I have no idea. I don't know the answer to that, but I mean I think you'reing a new unique mechanism to do something. I like Jake's question. I watched your video uh and I I like that one. I was wondering that uh HubSpot. Oh yeah, duh. Activity to BA from field to field. So how do you track speed to lead? It is how quickly an outbound activity occurs in relation to when the trigger of that which is the booked call or the application or the whatever. So if it's like booking came in at 1:15 Eastern and then outbound activity happened on 116 to one minute speed to lead and then if it's then you can do cohorts based on people based on team based on whatever user inside HubSpot you can report on it. You can get the averages across team the average across a person the specific across one. Does that answer that? Yeah that makes sense. Yeah, you can also have it set to if you just want like a really easy answer is they fire into a Slack channel and they have to comment on it, not emoji because comments have times, but you just can't run reporting based on that. But that's a really quick way to like eyeball it on like how quick did it happen? Genuinely new to the scene. I want to know as someone really small, how would it go about hiring a wholesales team when going into selling a high ticket offer? uh you would run it in-house internally with one to two closers. Um and you would get to over 100k a month do with a five plus offer and then you'd hand it off to an agency that's going to take 20%. You're never going to have to think about it again. They just want to know that you have the lead flow and that the offer actually works before they'll take it on. That's why sales agencies don't take on people under those numbers usually. This one's for you though. This is the 99 a month guy. Not direct to WP, but like an optin funnel for free training. Then below the free training is a funnel for $99. Okay. So, it's like a VSL funnel, but it's an application. You're pushing them to buy $99. Yeah. So, okay. Okay. Why not just like why if we're going to do all that, why are we trying to get $99? Like, I would just go application. He doesn't like doing a sales team. No, he likes doing a sales team. He does sales teams. I'm losing it. I just wouldn't lead with recurring like or $99 a month. That's his recurring right in the front end. So it goes front end optin to watch free training on a free training $99. I would do like low t front end low ticket quick milestone win and then I would do order bumps and then I would go book call. I literally do like a fiveday challenge and it's not it's not a live challenge. It's just I just offer called five meetings a week challenge and I just five videos in the course area. Every video I just get one step closer to getting five meetings a week. So for you it's like one step closer your first commission check or whatever you get your first job or get placed on your first team or you know [snorts] whatever it is. Every just break it down, chunk it down to a timeline. It could be like 14-day placement or some I don't know like um you know 14-day remote freedom or something like that where it's like a protocol day one do this you want these job boards this you do that then the scripts or the bumps are scripts so your best closing script is like once you or like how to ace your interview is like here's how to be confident if you've never had a job before to convince people like you're a good fit so interview question prep then you want to give them the capability to feel like they can do sales so give them like your winning sales script as a bump um niches, great bump for niches to sell into. And then the upsell is book a call implementation call. Kind of like Jeremy Miner, you're you're doing like, hey, get on the call and we'll diagnose you what what company you get a place in, what your skill sets, whatever. And after that call, we'll talk about what it look like for us to help you get placed and train you to make sure you're a good fit. And then you'd push them to the high ticket. And if they're not a good fit for that, like we said before, then you downell the recurring. Boom. Mastermind right there. Offer done. Now you got to hurry up and do it. Now the last guy Ryan we we taught the last dude we gave advice to that was also in the sales biz off because who isn't? He actually did what we said and he made good money. He got like did he? Yeah. He he hit like $20,000 a like from cold like right after I think I sent you a message one of our funnel feedback. We told ones did too. Really? Dude, I got this new offer. I'm going to tell you once we end this reminding you. I'm going to tell you about my new offer. Jay, I can't see any other messages from you inside the back office of Riverside. It's not Jay crew. Jay, did you text me? I know Jay, you didn't text me. Did he ask on YouTube? I don't see it anywhere on I'm using FYI, everyone. I use Riverside and it's supposed to pull everything in here on the chat. So, I just use those so they can show on screen. I'm not actually on X or YouTube or anything. Let me go see if I can um Here we go. This may be a dumb question, but in downtime hours, would does your team go how wait, how does I assume this how does your team go about outreach? I know you could outsource different time zones. Curious to hear you guys thoughts. Um, all right. So, first I mean completely depends on your market, but like there's like actual like legality to when you reach out to people and like when that sits in what time zones and like when you can contact them. So, I don't really know what your question is though. Downtime hours. Downtime hours. How does it go about it? So like automations don't run during those times and team is not running during that time but still like reminders for example allowed to go out if it's contextual to when they opted in to do something um some stuff like that. So I don't really know the question on that but like you hammer it during hot times is basically the simple answer. Oh here we go. Acom. So this is the affiliate commerce funders fund campaigns of marketers. Marketers have upside of instant cash and profitability. funders handle risk and potential upside of passive commissions. So, I think this means like running like a like a prop firm for traders, but for affiliate guys, I mean, yeah, run it like I know. I mean, don't to my understanding, a lot of the big media buyer affiliate guys, it's kind of a version of what they do. It's like everyone's running their credit cards. They media buyers that run their credit cards so they have access to the capital because that's why they're not doing it alone. And then they get a percentage of like the profit. So it's like I think Jason A talks he's I've heard him talk about this in the past but he's like I've never had a model where they like make they basically are only commission because then if they end up going solo so they want like the stability of like W2 basically or like consistency and then they get the profit share of like their campaigns. I I I don't know what you're asking me honestly. What how come do you want uh and what is your question? Oh man yeah. Hey man, praise God. You're welcome. For someone who's never launched an offer in fitness, what type of funnel would you run? ICP is 25 to 55 year olds. Generally speaking, DTA or DM setting, DM setting or DT or DTA, which is direct application, which is a headline, a VSSL with a specific claim, an application for them to work with you. That's a big in your exact niche that I know that are running to like mail only for example that are in that range. They run DTA only and they do multiple millions a month. Um, a ton of people do DTA. Hormosia. I just got an ad for that and they're running a DTA right now. But you need the consumption around it in order for those to work well. Nah, just do the low ticket SC. I'm joking. I'm joking. Do master the DTA and then put a low ticket in front of it later. What outbound calling system do you use integrated with HubSpot? We're currently on GHL and it's CAC. Is that bad? Is it Oh, I get it. Um, I think you What does that mean? I think it's like I don't know. But um we actually don't have one right now. We're still on Alaware and it's not good for what we do with that. And we changed management of sales. So we hadn't changed it yet because we wanted to make sure that we had like all that dialed in before we changed like the tech platform they use because we needed like the actual job to get done more so than like find efficiencies in it. Um so we are looking at dialer.io. We're looking at Nooks NS.ai. And there's another one we're looking at because then also like messaging is extremely important. So both SendBlue and Link and another one all have three-way group chats. So like depending on how you're using it, if you're using it for like outbound and like volume, you need a dialer system that's a dialer.io or a Nooks or something in order to like parallel dial predictive dial do all that. If it's more conversational setters, not closers, then you generally want like a group chat functionality, response rate, engagement of messaging. And then it's more important to lean into something that has that bucket. So [snorts] it's like blue sending. So link send blue whatever. And then someone will solve soon. I'm sure someone will solve the mix of those two. Or you can have predictive dial and you can have all this outbound. The issue is you burn lines too quick on the blue stuff because you can only send like 50-ish a day per line new contacts. So you can't pair massive outbound parallel or predictive with SMS that has high engagement. Max, you're on to something. Sorry, my question was worded weird. Was mainly meaning inbound traffic outside the working day and maybe any foreign traffic, but you answered perfectly. Just hammer. Yeah. Yeah. So, we just hammer during the working day and then we put stuff on thank you pages and stuff that's like we will do this and then we'll put like little brackets like during working hours and we'll even say like working hours because like it can shift across time zones. So, we don't have like specifics, but like we'll reach out to you during working hours because anyone who books, which is like 80% of people are going to book during there, the 20% who don't expect a call or a message or whatever at like the 8 a.m. or 9:00 a.m. or whatever Eastern, whenever the like allotted legal time is, I don't remember what it is right now. So, um, but yeah, generally how we do it. You you can have like the automated reminders and stuff that like come out from a calendarly or whatever go out immediately and say that as well because it's like off hours and those are like legally allowed to. ahead and pull Texas law. Not my place. I'm not educated enough. These guys are talking about at that event, but I'm not educated enough. All I know is the softwares and the tools like abide by these things a lot of the time out of the box. So depending on how you which ones, there's crazy laws. There's like if there's like a if it's a voting day in whatever state like you can't dial. If there's like there's now like different time restrictions and different it's state specific. Like there's a bunch of crazy stuff about that. Here you go. Offer publishing. How much you do in place of content creator you partner with? Do you deal with product development? How different is it to info operating? Info operating you. Well, here's the thing. Most info operators I talk to, they don't own the bank account. They don't own the LLC. They don't have the ad account. They don't own the funnels. They're going into someone else's business and they're operating it. So they are a employee with a percentage on you know performance pay which is fine. Well I started early on that was kind of my first step into it and as I got wins I was able to demand more control. So now I own the ad accounts I own everything like I'm find the person who's on organic they already have an existing audience. So I don't go with people are non-existing they're underlever undervalued come in and I say hey I'm going to be like a music label. I'm going to do everything on the back end. You be like a singer. You go do the dance, do all the content, and I'm going to own and control everything. And you just get to coach people and relax. And the right partner who doesn't have ego and truly just wants to coach and wants a kind of partnership takes it. And the wrong one I don't work with because frri, you do it yourself. And so like the person we working with right now, they love just supporting their customers. And so they're just focused on the back end. And we handle the front end marketing, the sales. They literally don't have to do anything other than create content and products when we need it and coach people on the back end and they just get to wake up every day and they just oh I just got to support my people. Like that's a dream situation. How much do you use them in marketing? Um I mean if we're from the ads like if it's like right now statics are crushing for like the one I'm talking about right now. So it's like I don't really need him but like we'll have them film like just to keep him busy because here is organic content. uh we'll just like give him some scripts, but the thing is if they're already doing organic, a lot of times their reels can go right to ads. Yeah. So, he's already doing it. So, the marketing is like maybe a VSSL to do every once in a while, but he not much like maybe there's two big projects a month. Uh and since we're doing low ticket and the front end, it's just hey, the products are done once. So, yeah, we just run it up. And it's so funny because a lot of people, the really good coaches, they got to this game, they want to make money and help people. They actually want to help people. They want to get paid by it. Then they got in and realized, shoot, to do this, I have to be sales manager, marketing manager, this manager, uh, all these things. And so, you're seeing this burnout, which is why we see people running to school. I just want to do recurring or lifestyle coaching, blah, blah, blah. And everyone's scaling back. So, I'm going and getting those people who are their most undervalued, underleveraged assets in the info space right now, the burntout coaches who have amazing products, tons of case studies, tons of testimonials, they're getting on camera. They just couldn't be the sales marketing manager. and I come in and I acquire ownership of the asset with no money down of course other than like my time and then as I've stacked cash like sure I'll invest money out of pocket if I want to um but when I first started out we went to someone had a Facebook group and she was in the same situation and we just went to her Facebook group launched organically used all the money from organic to fund the ads and scale to 50 a month and so that's the difference info operators you're just like inside someone's business you don't have ownership or control um but I Sure, it's still performance, but it's just like the the difference is ownership and also how we structure the deals. Like most people, info operators, you're doing it like the launch model, which is great. It's easy. You don't have to be the best marketer in the world. It's a great way to start. You go into a ton of no like and trust. You run up a launch. You get your bag and you're back to zero. And you ride that out or go launch again. I know people crushing like million-dollar launches. They go ride it out, chill in Bali till they find the next creator, they launch again, and they just relax. I just personally don't like that inconsistency. That's not the lifestyle I want. And so we launch, we play the launch game and then we actually scale them and we use the money from launch to pay for the ads. Yeah. So that's the difference. Like most guys who are info operators like they're showing our results. It's like they had one big launch one like every once once a year like they're kind of these like revenue generating events like Ian Godzi style which is great. just understand like what happens after that which my mentor Mark Lack who we I published him on offer publishing he did the launch game so I I learned like he told me he's like hey man like only do a launch game with like a big creator you know it's be a bag and if you can roll it into something else because it's just a mess it's so much grind no it makes sense hard work for one payday that might work you're betting so much on one over and over and over again um all right yeah this dialer yeah we use dialer but doesn't have messaging. Um I think Matt Ryder just said that they're going to have dialing or I'm sorry messaging in like the next week. So I literally think they're rolling SMS into dialer like this week. Um we had problems with SendBlue. We have had some issues too, but they have solved a lot of stuff. I've heard link is actually pretty good too. LQ. Um they have theirs which is solid. Um, we tested an AI setter for low ticket $27 funnel and got a 4.5% checkout page link sent at a 90 AOV. Like their abandoned cart probably. It's likely an abandoned cart because it's probably name, email, phone. Yeah. Go to the checkout page and then check link and what's the question? I don't know. This little flex. Hey. Yeah. Yeah. Here. I'll flex. Uh 93% combo started. Yeah, that's great. Hey, dude. Thanks for sharing. I mean, yeah, I mean that is cool. I don't understand context. I don't say, but that's sick. [laughter] Well, sorry. Gran said uh he's going to let us know if we can join his mastermind and he said we're not allowed in. So, I think that's it on the questions, guys. What a what a great someone from X. These are so hard to see both of them, but is there a platform where I can check for low ticket offer ideas? Like an ad spy tool for low ticket funnels? I go into ad library and I say like for like for just $7 or only $27 only $17 in ad library and then it just pulls like if it's in the copy which most ads say that and then uh Mark builds Brands has one get hooked you can take info well you it's like any you can try to type it's hard to like keyword that in because like it's just pulling from ad library pretty much and like s sourcing the keywords. It's not like someone's uploaded all the data from the past. So, it's like active ads. So, you just have to like use those keywords and then just like talk to people and start building your swipe file. Like right now, I have like a swipe file of just offers I've collected and I save their ad library and go visit them. But like there's the other one that's uh Oh, foreplay. Funnel of the week. Oh, yes, dude. These ones. But they they have a lot of direct to cart like or like DTOC like ecom stuff as well. But they have like hormoney launch funnel breakdown offer has 2600 active ads. Two mega niches that are using quiz funnels a billion in ecom sales content for direct response health. Like these guys have and it's gated too. So there's like a subscribe free option and there's a paid version where they do like these full breakdowns. Yeah. Yeah. This is a great one. I'm subscribed to this. I don't pay for it. I think our I think our CMO pays for it and I think I think Luke pays for it too actually. Funnel the week. They upgraded my I'm literally I'm about to pay for this right now actually cuz Thank you. Appreciate Funnel of the Week. My I posted an X. It somehow blew up. I may or may not have gotten a free subscription. So, thank you for saving me $17 a month. Funnel of the week is the best cheapest. $19 a month early. Boring. What is it? Boring businesses. Boring or cash cow? Boring Cash Cow newsletter is good. I think it's like Bor Yeah, boringcashcow.com. I love that newsletter. Really? What is this? Yeah, it's like like random SAS or web like websites that make money and like info products. Oh, wow. Look at that. Boring recipe. Yeah. Boring PHP library. Boring data label. Oh, so sick. Like subscribed, dude. There's this one in there. Solo creators piano course generates four million in sales. Like, I never heard of this dude. It's on this site. I love this. Cool, dude. Isn't this great? It's like good send. Just scroll there and just like um All right, last one on here. What are you guys saying about mentioning using human setters for low ticket? How does that compare? So, the human setters for the low ticket are to they're they're setter calls. They're setting for a high ticket call uh for a closer call. So, it's not using them to set to get the low ticket purchase. It's post-purchase, not squeezing abandoned carts. Uh, it can be used for both. Like, you can definitely use for both, but what we're referring to is that. So, that's what we got, guys. What are we at? 20. It's pretty good. Pretty good. Like and subscribe, Brian. Hey, 10K. Okay. Congrats on 10K. Thanks. I think I'm done. I think I'm going to stop trying to grow. Yeah. I mean, you're going to get to interesting crowd if you like try to grow, but if you posting, it'll just happen now. I'm good now. End it. Just retire. Just unlist all your videos. I was actually thinking about doing that. That'd be so savage. Talk about the FOMO, dude. Just go into the night. Just go into I was going to launch that thing and do the thing that we talked about and then like and just like or my own version of like a person. It's just like I'd rather just grow the main thing and just focus on that and then just like this is fun and cool and I get to meet really cool people and like talk to people and like just do what I want to do. Like there's no weight. There's no like I don't have anyone. I don't owe anyone anything. I have no one's money. Dude, let me just say the freaking gurus and experts at Infospace are so happy you didn't launch your own program. I know it. They're just so happy. Now we don't have to know. Now customers don't have to run to someone else to do your thing. It's just everyone stay where you are. It's okay, Ryan. Just giving it for free. They're probably so happy. Relax. So I like I don't know. I like all the guys that are doing I like Jeremy Nick Fischer's now doing Exactly. Why fight? Like just join. It's like it's literally it's Jeremy Haynes, it's Nick Fischer, it's Iman Godzi, it's Hormosi kind of at some level and then who am I missing? Dude, should we pull up to Herma Gordon? Cole Gordon. Coordin. Those are like the five right now. And like they all have their own masterminds and everyone's 50 to 100 G's a year or more. And they're all great and they have cool people in the room. It's the proximity thing. So like I like to go to them. I just don't really want to like Whose room has the most people who aren't in the other rooms? Like a truly unique crowd. So far, I've only been to Just kidding. I haven't gone all of them yet. I've only been to three or I've only been to Iman's and I've only been to Jeremy's and I just went to client ascension. So, all three of those have different people in the room so far. Nice. Jeremy Iman, but then I feel like Cole's I think Cole's crew I think is the next one. I'm going back to Jeremy's. Then I'm gonna go Kohl's I think is the one after that. And I think Cole I think those all have different room. They all have different people and they all have different like specialties. It's like what you're talking about how Iman like crushes it. And he also has like a worldwide like audience base of info too. Like he has all the uh you know non US info guys and his stuff. Um, yeah, he does. That's a value. Like you seen the other markets, like it's so fun being over there. Like tons of value. So yeah, and then he does the whole launch model and all the organic stuff and the worldwide talent, the crazy margins and like which is kind of like what really matters, right? And then Jeremy's got all the stuff around paid and high ticket and like really focused on that and operators. And then Cole is like offer owners. I I think his mainly like the actual offer owners and like kind of outside of the internet marketing niche, I think. I haven't been to the event so I don't know. But yeah, I'm excited to go to this. And then Daniels is just like a bunch of fun young dudes just like, you know, all that are crushing it in their own right in some way. Someone sold an agency, someone has an agency, someone has an inerson, someone had like a lighting business that was doing like temporary Christmas lights and stuff. Oh yeah, he was pring. In Minnesota, that's huge. Like go from gutter, you do pressure washing spring, summer, you do gutter cleaning in the fall in Minnesota, you do Christmas lights in the winter, and all the customers are the same. Yeah. And you print. Yeah. I mean, it's just like new subscription, new subscription. He's like, we just do the storage of the stuff. We do the, you know, install, then the takedowns, and then So, yeah. No, it's just a lot of cool people, a lot of cool rooms, but there's no weight when you don't accept anyone's money. So, you already have enough weight accepting other people's money from the main thing. So, well, not really, but not on you directly, but you're growing. You want to make more. So, growing growing and fun things there. So, you're great. things. I'll tell you about my secret offer once you end this. Okay, bye guys. I got to hear about secret offer now. [laughter] Um,


╔══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╗
║  FONTE: Blake Nubar [XBkU0fQlL3o].en.txt
║  VÍDEO: Blake Nubar [Xbku0Fqll3O].En
║  ADICIONADO EM: 04/08/2026
╚══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╝

all right just don't work we'll make some money and I think a lot of us quickly realize how much we hate it right now I was actually working for a fitness company I was working for fitness company is 9:00 to 5:00 and we're actually working on at the time this is past I got into a digital products back in college but kind of like moved the nine-to-five thing again and got in was working for a Finnish company basically what we did was we made people personal trainers right we had the certification to create personal trainers and we're working on this product and it was just bad a sporadic it was amazing and we fin it we put like everything into this like blood sweat tears everything and we don't want we were ready to launch it we handed over the marking department and they I didn't know what to do they had like a web we had a kinetic a website bill and like nothing was happening and you know I'd appeared out of pure frustration which I think a lot of you know problems are solved out of frustration right on necessity yeah I just remember going home I remember going home that night and I'm just like laying in bed like frustrated as hell and I see this ad pop up from this guy named Russell Brunson right oh yeah I had no idea it was I just this crazy guy right like he's on the screen just being crazy off and I clicked this ad and I click it and um it brings me to a funnel at the time I didn't know I'm like what the hell is he doing in this guy's just going crazy like you need to follow you want to saw online you want to funnel you need this you need that like use all this stuff and I'm like [ __ ] like I need a funnel so I remember I pulled all nighter I go into the office the next day and I just start decking out this funnel on the wall and the employees are coming in and they're I dude what are you doing I'm like yo we need a funnel that's how we're gonna sell it so marketing departments already kind of pissed to me because I'm like stepping on their toes but I'm like you know the type of person I just can't sit back like it's not working right you have to find a way to make it work so I go and I sketch out this funnel I call up our celebrity trainer who's like the poster child at the time it's like we made this certification around him and I'm like yo man you got to record this webinar my colleague and I will ride it you go record it he records it sends it back to the week later we throw it in this funnel we launch this thing he delivers the presentation delivers the offer and zero people purchased not a damn sale like this drastic failure and I'm over here Mike damn man I listen to everything this Russell so guy said he said go to funnel-like don't make money right like just Green is hell I didn't know anything yeah and um I remember I got it from my desk and I went outside and I just like kind of sat on the stairs just pissed right just a Kurkure sent up a storm I went back in and I was like let me try one more thing and I remember I just went to my computer and I clicked on the refresh button and we're the first stale fried 797 right like weight went nut went crazy and the next day I walked in I quit and I set out on this journey to learn sales funnels and digital marketing like the science and the art behind this entire industry and the past year the year after I left I basically just learned under like my mentors who now became my good friends you know like Mike Dillard and Dean and Frank Kern and all these amazing marketers right Russell - he's amazing and I basically start an agency from there it just started growing something into something you know kind of amazing that's kind of how my journey began thing that's so cool so molecule might want to know about the time frame so when you when you made that from like that first sale right you helped that business or whatever the famous people you got that sale you said the next day you quit right after you quit soon after that knows like right after I walk in I'm like I gonna figure this out cuz like I just have this addictive personality which is like it's like my kryptonite but it's all it's like hurts me but helps to me so I walk in I'm like I got it I got a do this and like what I'm like yeah I got like I'm addicted now because the sekki if I'll know if anyone out there like the second you do your first sale right it there's no turning back you just like this is the G I gotta figure it out so it was a scariest decision I ever made in my life like I said I was like you know macho man banging my chest I was it was not it was uncomfortable right but um I knew I knew my heart it was the direction I had to go to figure this stuff out because like at the end of the day you have to weigh out your odds like I knew the worst-case scenario was I just going back to a job right yeah the best-case scenarios is it make something amazing happen right so yeah it was it was walking in next day I'm gonna try the stuff out and for a year I basically just it was tough but I figured it out that's so cool and a little something you said there like you realize like weighing your odds that's something I always tell tell the people in our group is like what do you really have to lose it's like let's say you do try so let's say you do star agency build your profile follow whatever that is like if it fails like you're not you do not anywhere right now if you need to go get a job great you know live with your parents okay that's always something you can do and the only thing there's only gain and so that's like an example in your life I mean look at you now what you've done like if you didn't take that step you could still be you know working that job that 9595 understand right it's like the worst thing that happens is you just go back to that like littering I give nothing to lose but dude that fear that paralyze is nearly everyone on this planet like the best piece of advice I give people is like just make the leap of faith and just see what happens yeah test it it's just like anything else you can't really look you can't really try to assume or guess what's gonna have things you don't know it's like anything else you kind of have no idea just jump into it that's so cool that's oh yes so you did that even doing for a year you know you jumped in the funnels mark being went all in and so I know I went to your website you run an agency writer you help other people build their funnels out is that what your agency does or what we did we closed that we closed that down actually but yeah that's how we started so so the year went by the year goes by and when it you know when the caterpillar me myself felt like I could become this butterfly right open up the doors to an agency and I was like this is the best way let me take what I've learned and let me try and monetize it by selling my skill set by doing it with other people right yeah I know I'm starting this agency basically building funnels doing copy creating offers all this stuff for you know different types of people people on shark tank people I'm probably TV just like I kind of went after back the high-end clients I've got to that but I started on up work for like 15 20 dollar jobs just taking whatever I could but I didn't care I was I no ego and pride at the time yeah but it just rolled over to this agency an agency got so booked and so packed I quickly realized how I became miserable again kind of thing because what I thought was gonna make me a boss I was answering to all these different clients and I just like to kind of pulled the life out of me again so I closed the doors on it and started doing my own thing that's awesome no I totally relates I know when we had our my local ad agency I was like oh yeah that's awesome like yeah it's making you know six figures a year awesome but then I wasn't enjoying it and that's why I switch to this writing copy for higher-end clients because it's something I enjoy and I feel like a lot of feel here you know look at some new opportunity a new business opportunity and they get into it and they just think that like I'm just making much of money but they don't realize that maybe they just won't enjoy it maybe it's not for them and so for those people that maybe haven't started business or they're still exploring things what's your advice to those kind of people that really haven't set you know one thing and they're kind of just like limiting themselves they're really getting started yeah so man I made this mistake so many times in life it wasn't until I actually had the discipline to do one thing most people when they start they are they chase shiny objects or shiny object because for a couple reasons right and might because you don't know what we're to put all your age you're like me and what if this works and I want to do that but but I also think this is a good idea so what if that works and it's the biggest losing strategy I'm planet earth and anytime you do like you can't burn a candle from both both ends just talking to work like you can't chase two rabbits and catch both of them so it's like my best piece of advice for anyone that's like man what do I do when I start pick one thing and go beat it dead until you become an expert at it cuz like most of the time people give up and they think it's like that thing didn't work when the reality is is like no you're just not good enough yet and like you have to stick with something but like I used to work in venture capital I would be saying next like billionaires on my left billionaires on my right right yeah the one piece of advice I left with is they're like Blake listening like dude like you might think that you have to throw a thousands because this where I thought for the longest time they're like you might think you have to throw a thousand things on the wall and see what sticks all of us that became billionaires did one thing and just became the best at it and that's how we won so I give penguins out there and they're like what do I start what I try and do only Butte endings I'm gonna jump from this to this to this because this isn't working I would say get rid of that mindset pick the one thing that you enjoy and just become the best at it and just do that until it works I promise you if you stick with it it's got a way to work exactly like there's no way if you have discipline of hard work for anything eventually it's gonna work out you know you don't want the timeframe to set be different cameras but you know it could be different from one thing or another but if they actually take action on it and work on that then it's going to turn into something that's you know going to work for them sorry my camera always freaks out that's right yeah and that's the thing it's like it's like cuz I've made the mistake right I would I would do so many different things and it never put my bank account in the time I just I would just like was like you know what let me try one thing and do me just try and become really good at it that's when my bank account started growing I started becoming good at one thing because being a generalist sucks like me being a little bit good out a ton of things sucks right it's tough like you're just never gonna become an expert so instead of becoming a little bit good on a bunch of things become a lot a bit good at a little bit like one thing yeah that's kind of the key to like it you have to do and I think a lot of people make mistake and they're just like they're bouncing around because they think [ __ ] doesn't work but it's just like no like it's just the truth is you're just not good enough yet but you will be good if you stick with it yeah that's so cool it's so cool and the question somebody had to kind of relates to that when you stick to one thing Luise he or she builds funnels I know she builds funnels she said how do you stand out from the crowd and find that blue ocean like when you staked till one thing what is your advice because I know you've built funnels right your building is high to get people how did you like book out your agency was it organic was it branding what did that look like and how did you stand out actually ease the profile funnel um that was like a big thing that I used but um I mean I'm not gonna tribute all my success to a profile funnel that'd be like Ludacris like that was part of the strategy but ultimately like like a profile funnel crushes it like if you don't have one set up I mean I mean you teach this to Josh like get it set on period alright there's so much you can do with it's just it like it's something that every entrepreneur entrepreneur that's starting on why it's a personal on your person right hundred the first thing but first easiest thing get it up and running like I don't care if it generates you one weed a year that one weed could be $5,000 worth yeah and that one week could be like Kevin Harrington from shark tank you never know who's coming through your funnel right yeah but the way to stand out it's actually a lot easier than people think just be really good be the best at what you do and you can't go unnoticed and you know it's like it's just big being there it's like wait what does that mean if I don't like just are you really good at something and let people know what you do literally like go post your stuff go get comments go get feedback on your work like when you see a lot of people posting in groups okay how does my funnel look a lot of it's because like they know it looks good yeah exactly right alright alright they know their stuff is fine you know they want the world so there's like strata you can use to like let people know but the end of the day like the markets gonna tell you how good you are and honestly like if you if you're if you're building funnels right if you're designing if you're writing ads if you're coming up with video concepts whatever angle whatever department you want to specialize in go follow the people that are a couple footsteps ahead of you know and get inspiration from them and like just start becoming really good and publish your stuff out there and I promise you that's the number one way to get noticed by anyone yeah that's so that's so cool and that's like that's the thing that's nothing but nothing I say it's not revolutionary it just it requires work your face off and become really good at something that's kind of assumption and that that's what I realized - like I look and I get all the programs I'm joining all these courses and I'm listening to all these mentors I'm like how do i scale whatever and I know like every time I buy a course I start watching a video I'm like I know this I know this is yeah I need to do it's just a matter of if I'm gonna be disciplined enough to make it happen and that's something like a lot of people watching this that's why we do these interviews is because sometimes it just takes someone live use many footsteps ahead of us just yell it's like what they just do the simple things to be like oh it's really that simple right it's really that simple and kind of going back to you know you talk about profile funnels I know you have an amazing like program for that I saw the ad bought it right away loved everything inside of it and retargeted hundreds of times afterwards but with people like Euler like what is a profile I know I talk about so much but even like we do webinars and people at the end are like what is a profile funnel and so how do you explain a profile funnel to somebody who's like what is it what do you say yeah well here I was even like kind of the back story - I was shocked like I go I would talk about these like across the country like you know masterminds things like that and I'm almost every time I would go in to speak about the profile photo I should never be like man everyone knows what this is man I'm gonna make an idiot talking about this and every time I go and talk about it everyone's like blown away I was like what every time shot I'm like wait yo T like come on this is the digital more I'm talking to digital marketers and they're all like you can do that like I thought we all knew this and that's that gave me the cotton of belief you like oh my gosh like no one really knows about this so if you're sitting out there right now and you're a quake what the hell is you know the quote unquote profile funnel right it's basically like I actually discovered it by accident right like I didn't reinvent names right this is right I just I feel like I took something I took a system and codified it into something that isn't easy to follow thing for everyone to set up its dude there's a literally like how I discovered it was was different probably than how someone else might discover I was out to dinner one night I was chilling there I was eating and I was with my girlfriend and I just pulled out my phone she hates my mom my phone and I just I start scrolling and I clicked that someone's profile and that's when I realized like a lot of people are clicking like I'm so nosey on social media oh yes please dude up to what do you up to me like what you've got kids like did John scores soccer goal like what's going on how's business phone what do you what are you working on and I'm realizing like man I do this all the time like this is like embarrassing I'm always clicking on people's profiles now so I got to thinking like me and how many times the people cooking on my profile so that's when I set up that experiment like let me try this this out and then when I did it like blue like 25k in sales and nine days I'd like half a million in like budgeted business and that's when I was like oh my gosh yeah that's when I created into a system so a profile funnel is just basically a way of taking your social media accounts tik-tok we did you look in grab snapchat right and you're just you're you're leveraging the traffic that already exists there because look if you're on social media people are clicking to your profile that's a fact I had I would have people like this guy who bought into the system systems unchristian rock music and he was like a non-believer I remember you cuz I'll reach out talk to customers and stuff he's like yeah this will not work for me and I'm like yes it will trust me and he bought it he's like dude I got eight leads in the first day I'm like I told you me and got people on your profile and it's just a way of taking taking the traffic that already exists on social media and you know this Josh so anyone else that's listening yeah it's taking the traffic that's on social media and strictly by engaging you have an intuitive process of logistical intuitive process to bring someone from the social media accounts that you engage on to your offers and services in this fluid non-resistant way and it's basically you set up a specific type of funnel right could be a weed capture it could be a local business funnel could be a challenge funnel so uh it could be a webinar phone whatever it is depending on the products and services that you offer and you set this type of system up to where you start driving traffic now to your offers and start generating leads and sales yeah and it's a lot of people are like oh it's so that simple and like they may be like oh I see people doing like you look at my account guys ever watch this it's a profile phone I'm sorry it's a profile funnel you look at Blake's it's a profile funnel it's that we're filing you into our group it may be like our course our chap about lists and so just like we're doing it people everyone else is doing you look around and so it's kind of like why aren't you doing it and I found that like it works for almost everybody I've yet to have somebody like come to me that you wouldn't work for and so a lot of people are out there they're like is this gonna work for me it's like yeah of course it's gonna work like if you have a service and a solution but I get the same questions that clickfunnels get where it's like well fun will work for my real estate business I give all my stuff you'll see my ads and I'll get support so it's like hey well this work if I'm selling like you know goldfish bowls I'm like do you need leads and yeah I'm like yes then it will work like exists so it's like it will work but because it's such this new concept right it's like it's not new but it's new when you bring it mainstream like Russell didn't invent funnels right Connells existed 10 20 bells people like he didn't invent them like he just Betty he's go he took a concept and he brought it mainstream right and then that's like kind of the air in the generation we're in now so it's like yeah it's like like it will work if you need weeds and sales which is every business on this planet that's awesome now another thing too is a lot of people are ok organic great there's always people saying like you know there's always you know we've built funnels right we write copy you're always trying to position the new opportunity right like don't you know you get leads without doing paid ads or did it I did it and then there's people doing like without doing organic and whatnot but with organic like I feel like for me I see it as like it's like the place you start like paid ads is like once you have your profiting or you have a proven thing and so did you when did you decide to treat it transition to paid ads with your products or services or did you ever like your agency and yeah first yeah so I want we want to talk about the newest thing we'll talk about just the profile system right there immediately machine concept right um I think a lot of entrepreneurs make the mistake early on is that they find success with something and then they go and try and replicate it instantly me give you an example someone starts a drop shipping course someone does drop shipping and they make seventeen thousand two hundred and sixty three dollars and they're like I'm an expert now let me go teach the world how to be dropped how to drop ship and they missed one in they missed an integral step inside of that which is like it worked for you but now you have to replicate that framework with other people first and then you have the permission quota to go and and scale it right and I think a lot of people miss that step so I want to make sure that I wasn't just like you know this fake like oh it works red will work for other people so I had success with it I'm dude I'm the most I'm the most hyper critical person you over meet about my own this [ __ ] sucks I I'm garbage I'm sure my stuff's trash so I'm like let me go let me go really like test this out right so I take I take the concept and at the time I was launched because it worked for me so well Michael like was it was this like did I get lucky you know and I go and test I was watching the Freedom Fighters Facebook group right at the time job and I was like let me give this entire system to everyone for basically a buck right I want to like it was a way of showing my appreciation for joining the group but more importantly is like I want to see if this works and that's when I like launched is sat back and saw like an overwhelming overwhelming massive amount of influx of positive results from people within like days of launching it that's when I decided okay this worked organically right phase two after you can after you can prove that something you can work organically with like more of your warmer and hot market go scale it go see if they phase three is now see if you can make this work cold traffic and when I made it work cold traffic I knew I had something even like something that could actually scale to the masses that's mine and that's kind of it like you always want to start rigging it cuz it's your low hanging fruit right so if you're out there right now and you like where do I start how do I get customers like on Facebook on Instagram like organic let go interact with people go talk to people go show them what you have go provide value and like see if your stuff will work their first once it they're first then I would put all that money that you make from the sales of organic into paid media strategies definitely couldn't agree more now another ting thing to a lot of people another thing they object to profile funnels an organic traffic they usually say they're like okay well does it take you know years to get a bunch of leads cuz I know and I look back to the day personal branding always seemed like that I say oh overtime or it takes a while to build this big brand but I found profile funnels that's not the case so you know what would you say to people like they're like oh is it take super long or is it hard to make a bunch of content or you know what do I post they kind of make you know it seems a little harder they think that be technical yeah what are your thoughts and all that yeah it's like I mean it's like everything else in life right if you don't work it's not gonna work for you right like there's just no I mean that's just a way of it if you like if you go out every day and you're on Facebook and you're posting and you're engaging and you're talking and you have stuff to share you have value to give people are gonna fall back to your profile you're gonna generate weeds right I have I'm sure I've people that are like use the system and they generate a couple weeds and then I'm sure I have people that use the system and generate a couple hundred weeds like like every so often so the answer simple it's or it comes down to how active the more active you are on social media engaging providing value sharing liking commenting you're probably gonna drive more traffic back to your profile because in order be in order to be interesting you have to be interested you know you need to be out there you need to be like doing your thing you need to be grinding you need to be on social media talking to people and doing that stuff and when you do that you almost start but this person's constantly posting like you you're gonna get to a point where you can't ignored and people are gonna go check you out because whether you feel important or not people are gonna start reviewing you as like this is something I should pay attention to because I you you are always around yeah that's so true that's I tell people like the goal like when I build a profile funnel and like if I'm building up a new one or for myself like my goal is like I want people to be so like like they see my name so much my profile picture that they're just like oh I see this first everywhere and like what you know your profile files working and people are like I see you everywhere they start commenting like dude are you wearing all in the same groups like you're everywhere you're taught your comments and your liking and that's how I got started like I you know I was just by acting like I said I was just on Facebook I was in groups I was literally giving valuate for freaks I wasn't selling anything at the time I know it's just like giving away and then people started coming to me and I was like oh I'm seen as an expert in this group and so for people watching don't overthink the content I don't think like you should your content yeah you can make it more professional over time you can get a fancy set up whatever but as long as you're in other groups engaging liking people are gonna know who you are and that's you know people tag you all the time like people anybody clickfunnels they say hey who's best organic it's you and then like that Johnny West guy I know like those are two people like you go all the comments you're just getting tagged and so another thing too for people like oh maybe I don't have that much time to like and comment like what are you doing when you first got so if your profile funnel were you spending a lot of time doing engaging or what we're like what's the 80/20 ruling I'm saying or how much you focus on one thing or another dude I am I kissed babies and shake hands every single day like I'm constantly like if you go in a group right now people didn't believe it there right that's a VA that's like that's not a VA guys that is there no one can answer 750 comments after a Facebook live I'm like I can because I care right and it's almost you have to you know we live by this philosophy here where it's like when everyone else is digging you need to sag and zag is the opportunity because it might require a little bit more work yeah but because no one's doing it you instantly have have this like situation of complete arbitrage because people are either too lazy to do it do you think it's not that important so everyone is like hiring bas and then having them commenting look I'm not I'm not I'm not talking against anyone that does that at scale I understand the importance of hiring VA is to help engage on social media for you yeah but in the beginning you have such an advantage being behind the keys of a message board or using your phone to literally engage with every single human being that engages with you and I can't tell like there is no better advantage right now than that because at the end of the day marketing is about caring it's about building relationships it's not about you can have the greatest sales message you can have the greatest offer you can have great the greatest everything but if you just suck as a human and you don't like you gauge with people and build long-lasting relationships yeah I'm just gonna have these very shallow in Iraq they're not gonna really blossom into something beautiful so like the fact that you have a smart phone and you have a computer like and you can go engage with people it is it's all I did in the be it's still all I do I did you go my Facebook group right now like I'm commenting I'm liking brand new people like I'm not you know I'm not I'm not staying up on this like high horse right now that's still down be like what's up John thanks for letting me know me what freedom means to you honesty and I just I'm just yeah [ __ ] with people like that's what you need to be doing because you don't realize how long the way that really goes with someone and like if you're out there right now you want to find a way to I really set yourself apart from everyone do the stuff that no one's willing to do and that's constantly talking engaging and building relationships with other people yeah that's so cool and that's something I and guys you need to be doing that like it's so important like everyone's out there trying to find the new copy and paste like work right away kind of template and you know or in like great that's awesome that's a good starting point but the only real way you can get to know people and people are gonna want to pay you whether you have an agency product services they know you who you are what you sell how you want to help them and that's something that's so important I need like I catch myself not doing that sometimes like the weeks are not making the most money is when I'm not on Facebook engaging helping and benefiting other people it's simple as that I tell people like either you're not posting up content and engaging or you're just not adding enough traffic your profile funnel and those are the two I think the biggest reason like that's nice of why people would not be paying you in that sense I think that's super cool like yeah yeah yeah you can't just sit there and do nothing right like like you gotta like if you don't show if you don't engage and and give people a reason to care they're just not gonna care cuz if the other day it's not it's you have to give people a reason to care about you and what you do and you can do that by constant like building those relationships so I get in there and you write because I was there right I've been there I'm mighty me no one's like I'm using vanity metrics to validate Who I am as a human online right yeah this is so stupid like just go out there provide value yeah watch everything changes in the second I flipped that script in my brain and I'm like forget this sit back approach let me be proactive instead of reactive well everything changes I understand that's that's so cool and as you kind of get too close yeah another thing I want to ask you cuz your whole thing is freedom fighters right so what does freedom mean to you yeah man the great great question yeah freedom to me is freedom to me is being able to have the time I need to impact the greatest amount of people possible because like I think you get to this point where you realize like look we're all there's this famous quote I read it I laugh every time at this damn thing it's like I forgot who said it but it's like money doesn't buy us happiness but we all want to find that out for ourselves like we hear it all it all the time yeah money will make you happy I'm worth a hundred billion dollars and you start generating income and you start getting to a point where you start gaining this financial freedom and you realize it doesn't and you I truly believe everyone has to find that out for themselves because we all might be like yeah money's not gonna make me happy but deep down we're like I still want to figure it out if that's true or not yeah and being able to have the freedom like to be able to do whatever I want whenever I want wherever I want it gives me the ability to think of things of solutions of massive problem-solving on such a grand scale to have a greater impact to give other people that type of freedom so I like to be like I tell people like to be the bridge like you're here you have this desire to go here and what I like to do is basically be the bridge that you can walk over to get to where you want to go and being able to have being able to have the freedom I want gives me the ability to help people do that that's so cool man that's awesome and you're definitely doing that you can see how you're impacting your group and guys if you're not and the freedom fighters group make sure to go join it I'll make sure to link everything above of course to but another thing too I want to ask always ask people is where do you see yourself in five years and where you see yourself five years later so in ten years what does that look like you know or you have an idea where you would like to because I know what they always change about what do you see oh man that's a great question you know what like my business partner and I we talk about this all the time we're like man no one really it's good to have a plan it's you have to have a vision right you have to be in the clouds I guess scary via the clouds in a dirt but ultimately no one truly knows what their business is gonna turn into right like like when when when Steve you know when Jobs and Wozniak started Apple they didn't know how big it was gonna be when beza started Amazon he had no idea how Russell did click from he had no idea how big that was gonna be it's like you start getting this momentum then you can start making these predictions like damn I'm gonna be here in five years so ultimately I don't know where I'm gonna be in five years I hope to be doing something similar that still grows and scales an idea that can impact a lot of people and help them achieve the same feeling I got with financial freedom you know each and every day so where am I gonna be in five years and five years after that dude I wish ultimately I'm just along for the ride and we're gonna find out takes me that's awesome that says something for you guys who watch it it's like you may be thinking like oh no should I start my agency like I don't know if I do that or will it last this long or dropshipping or profile hung that Laster it's like you don't know but it's working right now whatever you're doing like obviously just jump into it like you might as well you know make it work and get started now so I think that's so cool and lastly for people that may be joining up late coming here at the end on the replay or whatever I just wanna ask this like how important is it to have a profile funnel in your business no matter what it is you sell how important is it tell these people yes dude having a profile funnel honestly when you're coming online I don't care if you're an established business I don't care if you're first-time entrepreneur I don't care if you're a seasoned vet that's been operating online or offline for 10 or 15 years yeah if it's crazy to me if you don't have one of these things set up it's crazy that keeps on giving and honestly like why if it's the definition of passive income or passively gen and it's like it's the first thing you should be doing online when joining any social media platform you're setting when it things up that's awesome all guys you heard it from him you see the success you getting students for himself on everyone else and so I know I say it a lot but sometimes it helps to just get sonís and more steps ahead is yell you me like guys you need a profile funnel and so Blake dude I really appreciate you being here everyone make sure you go check out his account they look at his profile funnel because I know you have a great offer teaching more about how to get started with all of that and you everything you want to say about that program and all I just wanna yeah I know people are the best at selling their own products right I could say what I can say but what do you have to say about your program that came out with teaching called get started for profile bottles yeah no I mean look guys I I call it out of sheer frustration right out of like this concept to find a way to to set this up right out of curiosity actually look like I create a system that helps people that guides them from step one to the end of a tizzy to set one of these systems up on their social media accounts comes with other tools all the resources everything you need to knock this out you only design you need any that stuff literally you're like I don't know where to begin the program I created is designed to help you set one of these things up for your Facebook profile in like 90 minutes that's that's really what it is so if you're looking to get something set up I have something if you don't want to use what I have like honestly just don't get this set up so yeah exactly awesome and well I appreciate you being here so much excited to see success that you achieve with everything you got going on and let's stay in touch and make you know just excited to see where this goes and hopefully people get out there and start building a profile funnels because I'm just I need more people saying I can't do all this and so I'm glad that you're out here telling people to get it going as well but I appreciate you being here man and we'll definitely talk soon love that we had to have you thanks for having me Josh preciate y'all for tuning and listening and I hope you guys have a great great day awesome and we'll we'll talk soon see that I see you man


╔══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╗
║  FONTE: Dan Henry [veRI1fN3xhM].en.txt
║  VÍDEO: Dan Henry [Veri1Fn3Xhm].En
║  ADICIONADO EM: 04/08/2026
╚══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╝

so order record this as well just in case all that goes to hell but guys you all know who this dude is if you if you haven't seen his face you're they're not online enough you're not billing it you should getting the wrong information and so I'm really excited to bring the man myth legend Dan Henry into the sales kings group offer all of you guys to benefit from and hear about how you can actually unlock some of these digital millionaire secrets that this dude is hiding somewhere in Florida so really excited to be here Dan welcome excited to have you here thanks man excited to be here sweet so honestly let's get right into it because you've got so many freakin interviews lined up you just launched a book which we all have been super excited to get I actually listen to the whole audiobook yesterday and so of course we see you on this stage right we see you where you are now we see speaking we see winning all these awards but it wasn't always like that alright and we all know that it wasn't an overnight success so I really want you to quickly I know you have a story about how you got in selling your education if you want to quickly this let people like hear about that cuz I think it's so cool sure I expand on this in the book a lot but it's yeah I was going to school for audio engineering and one day I came across this guy at a Guitar Center I was hanging out at Guitar Center and this guy could not figure out what microphone to buy so I gave him some basic advice and he was so impressed by it that he offered me a hundred bucks to come back to his house and teach him how to use his audio software and so I did and I'm you know leaving the leaving his house I'm looking at this hundred dollar bill thinking this is the easiest money I've ever made I just taught somebody else what I knew and I wasn't even like a super expert in it I was going to college for it but I knew more than he did and that was enough and that was really cool but shortly after that something terrible happened we found out that my college had faked their accreditation and there was a class-action lawsuit and pretty much our our degree was work worthless so a very large portion of the students including myself we dropped out and we just went you know in our separate ways and over the next and I don't know seven eight years I really tried to figure out how to turn that into a real business and become an entrepreneur and I had some wins I had a lot of losses and then eventually it got to where I had a real bad time and I was so broke that I couldn't even afford to pay the electric even tried to save water bottles on the side of the road yeah I heard on the book that's yeah there's a picture that in the book in case anybody's like wow a picture from my iPhone of me in a in a shirt that's had $1 water I was tearing and so I did that and you know eventually I did figure it out and grew what is not a 10 million dollar company at get clients calm so that's and I took that entire process documenting it so cool put it in the book so yeah and that's like it's so funny because I was reading this book I'm like okay I take insult courses I see all your content right and so I'm like what you know what's gonna be in this book like how much is he really going to unlock and give away and I was like holy crap I was kind of wondering like dude you're kinda you kind of pushing it because a lot of these books it's just like you know the front you know top of the funnel kind of thing you know push you but there's so much in there for people to just get it started right away even if they don't have experience and so that's another question I want to move into a lot of these people the biggest objection I hear people say is like oh I'm not an expert or I don't have enough credibility the whole aspect of that I know I face that so what do you have to say to those people that I may believe may be saying this won't work for me you know I'm just starting out well first of all I mean there is an old saying everybody starts somewhere and the thing is is that you don't need to be you know the word expert is misused a lot like I said this guy paid me $100 to teach him how to use his audio software am i a certified expert in that software it's by the way it's called Pro Tools was I a certified expert no did I have any sort of awards or certifications in it no I just knew how to do something that he wanted to know how to do so if you have knowledge that somebody else we want to know you can profit from that knowledge if if you have ever given somebody advice on something you can profit from that and I don't want a lot of people don't understand as well is that you actually can sell other people's knowledge you don't like the information businesses 325 billion dollar industry and normal everyday people are getting a big chunk of that pie and if you let's just say for a moment that you don't know anything right you could sell other people's information look at Andrew Warner for mixergy he interviews business experts and sells access to the interview look at the jump rope guys they teach people how to jump rope and they pay millions from people teaching people how to jump rough like there was a guy that made a million dollars from teaching people how to use Microsoft Excel and he's not even like a certified Excel person if you know how to do something and you could show somebody how to do it you can sell that knowledge and if you're not sure then there's no better reason to get a copy of the book because the book will show you how to make that a reality how to take something small that you may not realize people will pay for and turn into a real business yeah that's so cool and I love how like in the book as well you go into pre selling and the whole thing of having a beta launch I know that's something I've done my business and it works like crazy it works like crazy like you data launch you know it's a proven product at that point and so why with you what why did you decide to get into beta launching and pre-selling your courses making it's such a big and powerful machine in so many education businesses now in the world well because my very very very very very very first course that I ever tried to sell failed massively I spent months getting it together I spent a lot of money and software and graphics and just all this crazy stuff and I made this product and then when I went to launch it nobody bought it and I had to message people directly to get them to buy it I sold like 12 copies on top of that when they got it they didn't like it okay so when you do a pre-launch or sorry I probably do a beta it not only allows you to validate that people want it because if nobody wants it doesn't matter how much time you spent on it any no matter so yeah you you not only validate the fact that people want it but at the same time with my BAE process you actually turn it into a good product so yeah you know think about this what would you rather do would you rather put together an educational product guess and hope people like it or would you rather work with a batch of students while you're putting it together to make sure that they understand it and then it helps them and then refine it with that initial group and then take that and sell it to the masses and now you have a scalable business yeah it's an almost a no-brainer at that point so it's no brainer at that point and you know a lot of people and it we so we know you pre-launch it a lot of things and this is for me too with my program something that I'm always torn between is high ticket and just a classic like low ticket for 97 997 right and I'm I got people over here saying do this and then do that and we get fuel always torn like do I do the high ticket and low ticket and so I know you talked about this in your book and you know how you've done your model and you're big on high ticket but why is that so why do you think that that's the best or you know the best thing for certain people and what you find about for yourself well would you rather pay a amateur golfer well actually do you rather pay $1,000 let's say you wanted to become a really great golfer right would you rather pay $1,000 to attend a one-day Tiger Woods conference or seminar where there's like 200 people there and yeah it's Tiger Woods but you're not really gonna get to talk to him personally you're just gonna be in this at the seminar or would you rather pay five thousand dollars to work with a golf pro that is not as famous as Tiger Woods but he's gonna work with you personally in a small group over the course of several weeks which would you rather which which do you think would make you a better golfer of course going hard five thousand right there personality so the thing is is is if you really want to get people better results you have to be able to work with them on a closer level and in order to do that and have the support to do that you have to charge more that's how it works yeah I can't get on a call every week and talk to somebody for 997 I just can't I we have 6,000 people in our 997 program you imagine but if I charge you know for instance my thirty thousand dollar mastermind yeah our weekly calls only as like three people on them so I can talk for 30 minutes to somebody directly yeah and those thirty minutes could be the difference between you know a six-figure month and a bad month because of one bad decision made if they didn't talk to me that's something that I've already been through and I had the time to break down and figure out exactly what was happening in their business so you're you're you know you got a look at that now at the same time there are times to sell low take it it but it depends on the offer it depends on the audience and depends on what you're doing yeah that's awesome that's so cool and you know moving into a lot of ways we're like okay how how do you sell high tea because your program didn't you you bumped it up to about 10 tons out I know you so you double the price recently and you know if you're like okay let's say someone selling a ten thousand dollar package they're like how do you do it like I know you talked about this your book and you go way more in depth and you give the whole like 30-day 200k thing now that was crazy but how are you selling your hightail what are the the framework or the systems you're using because everyone's talking about this whole you know all these new strategies and stuff Howard what are you doing right now to stick to what works for you I think people complicate this a lot more than they need you if you add that if you make it make sense right if it makes sense that the investment makes sense that's really all you need to do like let me give you an example let's say that you want to sell high ticket right and let's say that I could teach you how to close high ticket offers every single week you could close at least one or two a week that's if you're terrible and let's say you're gonna charge five grand right now let's say that I said to you okay Josh I will teach you how to close one two to five thousand dollar sales every single week and you know get booked the sales calls and close the sales every single week for the rest however long you want to do it right would you trade two of those sales would you give me two of those sales to learn how to do that well of course well yeah that would be crazy not to okay so yeah that's the thing is in my program I teach how to sell high ticket so the price of my program whether it's five thousand ten thousand thirty thousand I mean if even if it was thirty thousand you're trading City sales what what stock can you buy what investment can you make that could even touch that in terms of ROI you can't so it makes sense let me give you an example let's say you were doing see you were an expert in weight loss right yeah you could sell a five hundred dollar weight loss program or you could sell a three thousand dollar weight loss program to traveling business men that are struggling with their weight because they're traveling so much and you could tailor it for them so yeah it has to make sense this is three or five thousand dollar weight loss program to a normal person makes sense no $500 or 300 hour program makes sense but does a three to five thousand dollar program for a traveling executive makes sense where the person is going to make a plan specific yes then it makes sense okay it has to it just has to make sense so once it makes sense the process of selling it doesn't really change it the author just has to be presented right nothing really changes about the sales process yeah that's so cool that's awesome and you can't be it's coming off of the whole thing with the offer and this is something that illogical talk about you know russell brunson here's this offer you know always people talk about creating yours as well offer what do you think needs to go into an offer to make it your is this law what it was what should the lecture that the outliner what should that look like and how do you make an offer irresistible like some people overcomplicate this well it has to be able to clue the biggest thing that makes an offer irresistible is clarity okay it has to clearly look every product is a solution to a problem you will not find an exception anywhere to this right if you are hungry that's a problem so you go to a restaurant right now but in general yeah you go to you you go to a restaurant if you are cold and you your a/c is broken that's the problem you call the a/c company and they come fix your yeah they can fix your your stuff so every product is a solution to a problem and you might say well dan what about a fidgets spinner it's still a solution to a problem your board so you know a lot of people they make products and they don't clearly identify the problem and why they have a solution to it and what makes your product irresistible see people they often they often think about bonuses and oh let me add this and let me add that and these are superficial things what makes an offer irresistible is somebody can say this is the exact problem that i have this product is the exact solution i need here's why it is the solution and here's also why it can solve any foreseeable problems that i would also have that what makes that is what makes an offer irresistible so when you make bonuses you just don't make bonuses you make bonuses that address potential problems that somebody would encounter when they get into doing whatever it is that you're selling right so what makes it easy or it makes it faster like one of the best things I ever saw in a weight loss program was one of my clients she did this thing where she took every major restaurant right every major restaurant that you could possibly go to Applebee's Chili's Danny's yeah and she made her own menu of what you could and could not order on that menu and what and if you did order it what to put on the side right so like if you want this particular salad you can but but make sure to ask for it grilled and don't get these dressings and literally she didn't put it into an app where if you were out you could look at your phone and you could look at the app you could go Denny's and go this is what I can eat and boom the decision-making is done and you just order that okay daddy you see what I'm saying it's it's not about what you offer it's about how that thing helps solve the problem and when you make an offer that can completely solve the problem and solve any subsequent problems and make it all easier and faster you have an irresistible offer let me give you one more example one if you were to ask somebody to no copy right but if you were to ask somebody to build you an automated webinar funnel with different email contingencies based on what time they watch the webinar order page membership everything they would likely charge anywhere from 10 to 20 thousand dollars to do that okay even if they gave you fill in the blank copy right so in our programs in our program sold out courses we give you that included with the program and we give you my best copy that you and coffee frameworks that you can just plug in and we give that to you for live webinars and we give that to you for high ticket webinars and we give that to you for audience building and we give you a chargeback prevention funnel you just download them and you plug in it's done it's already done for you right so that so I thought to myself okay I could teach them how to build or I could just build it for them and be like here fill in the blanks which is more irresistible because at the end of the day when you're trying to sell your knowledge are you trying to become a email automation expert or you simply trying to sell what you know there's no reason for you to become an email automation expert there's no reason for you to become an expert in all these things your expertise is what you're selling so I'm gonna make it as easy as possible on you to sell your advice and not have to learn all these different you know software since I'll just hear the instructions just fill in the blank with your message done go sell go grow your company that's what makes my offer irresistible whether or not by charge five thousand ten thousand whatever yeah or even if I mean even just looking at your book right here a free book even that I to zero said here's this offer I mean you're giving people you're still getting people to fill in the blank stuff inside of that kind of offer and so with all this right the high ticket all stuff we just talked about and like there's all these different things and people kind of like I said I'll the big thing I see is people overcomplicate I over complicate it I tried I add too much to my plate thinking and enlisting all those people and so you talk about this in your book and you know focus and so how important is focus to you and how do you stay focused and disciplined because I feel like that is the game changer no matter who's watching us and what their business is well if you ask I believe focus is the number one most important thing and you don't have to believe me but if you would you believe Steve Jobs would you believe Warren Buffett would you believe Bill Gates because when asked what the number one factor in their success was all three of them said the exact same thing and they said it in one word and that one word is full okay and focus is largely about what not it's not what to do it's what not to do you know okay focus is about doing less and focusing on the things that work and saying no to things that is what focus is about yeah that's awesome that's I feel like some people you know they like I like how you said it's saying you know no two more things because I feel like we're always saying yes there's so many different things and I you know you're hopping on different like a podcast interview is thinking doing JB's and I feel like just focusing down to one thing is the biggest thing and that's something that I'm always trying to focus on as well funny as that is but as we kind of wrap this up - one thing I want to ask you is for people that are I want to feel my age a lot of people are still teenagers that are getting into this space Oneko message me asking for advice what is your advice to people of that age because I haven't I don't know what you would say that I haven't seen your content on that well what would you say like some kid if someone feels like $5,000 you're telling like one big thing what would you yell at them to do and to like make them implement what would you say so the question is what would I tell a teenager yeah yeah like a teenager so in my age who's just getting into all this I mean and how old are you I just turned 18 so I guess I'm 19 or more but I would not treat you any differently than anyone else I would give you the exact okay vice the advice doesn't change based on your age did you know what I would say is you know at the very minimum take advantage of the fact that you don't have and I'm gonna assume that you don't have a mortgage you don't have no family you don't have all this stuff that is gonna potentially be friction for you so I guess the number one thing I would say is instead of partying instead of going to concerts unless it's a tool you gotta go to that instead of and it's that instead of going to you know you bonfires and parties and concerts and festivals and just all the stuff that people your age do ya build a business because you have zero friction and that's what I worked on and unfortunately it took me till I was almost 30 to become a millionaire from it but you know I put all that stuff in this book so if you're 18 years old right now and you have no friction and you can consume this and you can get that you need you know it's funny because an 18 year old right you guys will spend $80,000 on a college that'll put you in debt but it's this crazy thought to spend you know the two to $5 $10 on a book or even five grand to have a millionaire help you become a miller real actual millionaire help you with your business versus somebody who makes 40 grand a year teaching at college that you're gonna learn how to get money from them you know what I mean now of course if you're gonna be a doctor or a lawyer I would prefer you go to college I don't want you operating on my do it now with friction look you'll be able to go to those concerts and those festivals when you're a little bit older and you'll be able to go VIP is every single in the basket for years every I've done more fun stuff in the past couple years than I ever did when I was your age and when I was your age I had to scratch together every penny I could just to go now Oh VIP everywhere I want to go I I have whatever though the best experience you could possibly have for any event any fun thing I have it because I took the time to build my business to figure it out and now I can enjoy it a lot better that's awesome I was kind of wrapped this up one thing on ass and always asked any one of your eyes interview what is your why why do you do this it's not always easy you know it's not always pretty and perfect so what pushes you forward to build this you know eight figure business that you now having sustained well I'll tell you my why we live in a society where it is socially acceptable to spend seventy eighty ninety a hundred thousand dollars on college and that's encouraged to put ourselves in debt before we even get out into the world all to wait for years to maybe just maybe get a fifty thousand dollar a year job but likely we'll end up working at Chili's and that is not okay and there are millions of people out in the world that have knowledge that can help improve someone else's life even in a small way and if our formal education system will not raise the bar and by god we'll do it ourselves and you know that would like to take what you know and not only profit from it but do your part even if it's small to help change the world then you need this book cuz that's what this book will help you do yeah 100 cent well dude I love that so much and I know that you have so many different views to get to but guys I just want to say real quick I personally I read this but I listened this book and it's come in the mail and I'm gonna read it again because I'm a visual learner and you know I've watched your courses I've seen all my stuff I'm following it I'll be the first person to vouch for everything you're doing it's working obviously I mean you're on stage at phone-hacking live if you don't if you don't trust Dan and the trust Russell well Russell put them on it stayed so I mean okay there it is so guys you know I'm gonna be leaving the link for you to get this book for free everywhere that this video is going to be make sure to grab that and also if you guys get the book you watch this you purchase it through the link or whatever make sure to send me a screenshot because I also be giving bonuses along with them non affiliate in fact me an affiliate link but I'd also free agency owners I'll be giving you guys some awesome scripts and templates if you guys do it so send me a screenshot tag Dan if you're buying it too on Instagram whatever it may be go show them some love and read this book Dan if you have any last words or anything else you want to save these people you do the stages I would just say you know the what defines us is not how we conduct ourselves and how we react in times of prosperity what defines us is how we react in times of struggle so just know that no matter how bad things are with with anything whether it's the world whether it's you whether it's your home your family your business that you know if you stop solving problems you're gonna go nowhere but if you keep solving problems and you don't let up and you are relentless with your pursuit of success success will come love that so much well guys if you want to turn it your knowledge into a business if you're an expert anything I mean this dude literally taught a guy how to use a mic for hundred dollars and now he's at figures that's proven itself that you can make it happen someone like me can watch his stuff and make it happen as a teenager obviously you can work for all you guys so make sure to go out and get the book today as I said I'll leave the link there dan so happy that we have here and we're gonna let you go off and keep killing it with the rest of the interviews thanks man you have a good one had a great time alright see ya


╔══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╗
║  FONTE: Exposing Alen Sultanic： The Shocking Secrets Behind Nothing Held Back Revealed! [k5AqHRLh_fk].en.txt
║  VÍDEO: Exposing Alen Sultanic： The Shocking Secrets Behind Nothing Held Back Revealed! [K5Aqhrlh Fk].En
║  ADICIONADO EM: 04/08/2026
╚══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╝

so I'm gonna go record let me go live on Facebook GNA type in the stupid description all right sulan Sultan all right we're going live let's do this what's going on guys welcome back to another episode of the million dooll offer show um today we are be meeting with and interviewing a very not wellknown uh expert in this space a copywriter just someone who doesn't have many accolades but we want to give him a chance give him a platform H so Alan sultanic welcome to the million dollar offer show happy that you here uh thanks for jumping on hey so are we on Facebook or Zoom yeah yeah we're we're going on Facebook we'll have the recording uh as well so can I see people questions and all that oh there we are cool yeah head over to Facebook yeah guys you have questions um we will charge you per question just because it's just his rate uh but feel free to ask him we'll send you an invoice after ask questions yeah Allan uh May 30th 2022 you made a Facebook post in your in your group nothing held back encouraging us to ask more questions whether it was to get help uh or to get opportunity and so I reached out to you and I asked you the question uh of hey would you ever let me interview you and you said yes two years ago but it uh that never happened until now but I just want thank you for one encouraging me to ask questions and then being here today so thank you so much I'm excited to ask you a bunch of questions as you always do in Fast Forward EnV plus kind of regret making that making that offer to people because boy bit me in the ass yeah I'm kidding I'm kidding I love your questions all right what are we talking about today just for the record I was drinking last night so um you know and and and I'll tell you what I do it's like you know I uh I don't split test much when when it comes to marketing cuz I know my [ __ ] right so to me like if you see people like I got to test it I'm like I don't know if this is going to work but we going to go ah you know it's guesswork right so like whenever I see people like you know the split testing heads are basically just guessing throwing [ __ ] at the wall and like um so I don't split test much in marketing but I do SPL split test my liquor so when I go you know when I go drinking I'm like let me get that let me get that let me get that let me get that and then one of them gets me and then I'm just like [ __ ] it's like so last night one of those things we went to dinner this nice steakhouse and uh yeah I was split the drink menu and so here I am so typically when I'm tired um as you know and fast forward um MH ends up being pretty good you know up being pretty good yeah I'll never forget when you had the flu and you still showed up to a three- hour long call I think it almost went to four hours so yeah no worries this gonna be great but okay let's jump into it uh why why now why come to the market I know you start posting a lot more about like two years ago but when people come to nothing Health back group and when I talk to people they're like I don't know where he came from I don't know how I found the Facebook group why show your face now why not just stay behind the scenes and kill it and just go on with your life uh why bring the spotlight to your life at this time I did I did it for a long time like close to 20 years um you know uh just being behind the scenes and and doing offers and building offers and and massive membership sites and webinars and supplement companies and AD networks and all that stuff and um you know one thing is let me see my here yeah one of the biggest things is like when I first started um you know I didn't know anything about marketing right there was nowhere to learn and uh I remember like you know um I was in this like secret Forum um and some dude was like I can't remember for the world of me was like 35 or 65 I think it was $65,000 he was making a month um promoting Commission Junction um offers and I was making like six bucks an hour and I was like holy [ __ ] there's money on the internet oh my God there's money on the internet and I was like I was like uh man I guess this is how a lot of girls now feel about only fans there's a lot of money on the internet so got Gotta gota Throw a little so I was like oh my God there's money in this thing and I was like oh I got to figure this out I always love the internet I was like this is great this is the great equalizer because you can learn you can create there's no limits and so I was like man if I can figure out to make money a bonus so anyway took me like two years um to make 24 cents I I tell this story a lot and then um it was like I went into uh you know there's like nobody to teach you right but one thing that we did have back then was just it was very very small intimate warm and supportive when you did find it so it was Warrior forum and I read the entire Warrior Forum I literally would uh open up Firefox at the time cu the Chrome wasn't out I would hold control CU it was a Windows not Mac and hit like open the tabs and read read read I read the whole Forum took me three months to read the whole Forum right and um but the energy there was fantastic it was I loved it I love loved that and that energy and warmth was really supportive so anyway I was like okay did my thing and I was like you know whatever and then when I came back around 2018 it's like I came back home I guess to this game and I was like man there's a lot of great people making money online all these gurus I was like really excited and I was like oh this is awesome everybody got really good at marketing while I was gone and then I you know I was like well no the Facebook pixel Facebook got good at marketing and I was like people got good at taking advantage of the Facebook pixel which was true yeah called it you know I called it like last I think March when when Tim Tim Cook uh you know woke up and chose privacy anyway um and then I tried doing it through other people many times you know like to to to teach and help and and bring back that warmth couldn't do it so like you know what [ __ ] it we're gonna I'm going to just do it myself right so actually nothing held back was actually the bump on automatic clients and uh we put like a 100 people at like $100 a month like in a week or something so like make like 10 grand a month for real quick um but yeah anyway so in that business like um yeah so so it was like you know there were some differences of opinion and who's going to create content where so like I'll just take it I'll just do it myself and um yeah and and so the history of nothing held back is actually Keith Baxter owned the brand way back when and it was like a very small intimate thing so I was like I really want to bring back that magic let me go see it and I just like started sharing and I because I have so much it's like I can't run out of [ __ ] you know and so feel great and that's why feels good yeah why do you feel like there's a lack of optimism in the market right now um you talked about how back then everything seem so happy there's this excitement this magic I hear you say sometimes uh I feel like I remember like when I first started that honeymoon phase I definitely experienced that for a little bit but even then mean that was 2016 there was not that much optimism so where do you think that went why is it gone and how can we bring it back um I honestly think it's just kind of like being honest with um with why why people are successful right so like a lot of people out there you know and there's look it's like at the end of the day money is money like when you put you know millions of dollars in a bank it truly doesn't matter if you you know how it got there right whether it was a Facebook pixel or whatever so I'm not knocking that but in a sense there is some type of a level of Integrity to be had where like you know you're telling people one thing but the reason for that success isn't because of your skill set so it's like you can't teach people that because as soon as you remove that it's done right so you see these big companies that were like around 2015 16 17 18 you know $30 million you know Big Dig gurus and now like they're like dying you know they're like they're they're done right and it's like well if if you were the reason for the success and it wasn't the pixel then why is it that the pixel you know had had such a big effect on you right and what happens is like when you have that then like all the people that learned from them didn't really learn much and then now with that change um you know the same people to learn from them are uh really hurting right and so then the pessimism moves because there's like I don't know I don't know what's going to what's how why it works how it works um and then you know there's a lot of self blame blame going around and yeah I think that's where it comes from so how with like bringing it back then like what are your plans with that with nothing held back or what's the solution like what when you look at your philosophy of bringing that back or what you're trying to bring to the market what's your Northstar what do you focus on yeah so so the big thing was um if we all work together to grow the market that's the only way for all of us to really Thrive right not just Survive by Thrive so you know I I you know I'll be honest man I tried tricking the universe like 500 different ways right like I mean we all have right you come in this it's you know you want to figure out the shortcuts whatever and like at the end of the day the only shortcuts really helping people and so I realized that it's like well if you just focus on increasing the Pie as a whole then everybody makes money right and I don't have to be the one the first one or the middle one I'll typ I'll take the last spot when it comes to making money like you know for example like this morning we had like a Dr bur right he joined fast forward and his whole team and they hit me up and they're like we need the director of marketing so I'm like all right who wants the job right whatever and it's like to me it's like I don't want I don't take by the way you know I'll say this and I always said I don't take any money on on any introductions referrals connections yeah anywhere I just you know give it all 100% um and also like deals that come in through the nhb Plus fast forward like I just they just pass them to people I'm taking money on that but the philosophy is like you know if you can grow the pie then everybody can make money right and so if you have more offers out there they're doing well they're stable good products helping people whatever then those same people can use that money to hire copyrighter C CMOS graphic designers assistant support whatever and then what ends up happening if that copywriter CMO cro whatever works in an offer and then they see a pattern oh I could do this too I'll give you an example right so there was um an offer came came in and actually my team built it right and right now it's doing about 800,000 a month with about 55% profit margin right yeah I I took I took um I took somebody from Fast Forward gave him the CMO job and then he went in there and he's like dude this is like incredible like it was like easy right like so that that change of belief that them just seeing how easy it is like changes everything so the more people do that the better so My Philosophy is just like it'll sort itself out um but as long as people have the skills or whatnot to do it cuz dude it's like there's like you know you go to any coffee shop anywhere everybody's GL to their phones and computers like they're there and like if they're they're giving attention to Facebook or YouTube they're really easy to sell they ain't that hard you know yeah yeah I think that's what you're talking about like everyone winning and like kind of building up the market I hear people talk about or I think something we talk about but uh the whole idea of like people selling being a copywriter or making money a funnel designer like all these service-based uh bizops right very very popular and you know nothing wrong with that I mean that's I started doing funn design when I was younger all that stuff I still write copy for people here and there but I've always wondered and thought like okay well if there aren't enough offers in the market then who are these people going to work for right right so so I you know it's interesting because when the AI thing came out last year um I you know I've been in this thing for like forever right and I've seen all the I've seen all this [ __ ] it's just the same thing different different different outfit right um and AI came out and it's like boom right so it's like all these people like oh you know do this with AI whatever I'm like look that's great you know fine but it's like what what you know when everybody can do the same thing then it's like that Advantage becomes quickly a disadvantage right so I never really lean into AI although we have the best AI development team in the industry right as you've seen like we're building like this thing called the nhb ad Builder and like using my Frameworks and like they're the best in the industry so you'll be able to like spit out ads and you know um full on offers and whatever right but in the in the production of AI copy and nothing wrong with it right but the thing is it it creates too much output and then who's going to consume so right now like you know I go on Facebook and I'm seeing people like went on vacation lost a $30,000 copywriting project to some dude who did it for five using AI right and so it's fine but it's like the only thing you can compete on is price and then it's like well what's the value of a skill if that skill is being you know commoditized by a tool that nobody has control over so like I built four of the biggest AI offers in Fast Forward right yeah um yeah for Fred and then and other ones and um it was like it was interesting because you know I told Fred I was like you got like 18 months to milk this [ __ ] that's it milk it milk it milk it and then that's it and uh sure enough actually that timeline hit like it was like a 12 months actually it came a lot faster than it would but the reason being was like you can't build something like you can't build something on a foundation you don't own it's like you can't build a house on land that's not yours because whoever owns that land will own the house so all you're doing is just literally temporarily building this thing educating the market and then it's anybody can do it there is no there's no Moe you know yeah yeah yeah you said something about consumption I know this is something that you throw out a lot uh like the idea how we don't have like an issue of there not being enough content out there or information like we now have too much and ai's only accelerated that until so the real problem is we have a Time issue there's not enough time to consume the content correct uh and that's you said that's you know that's why Tik Tok you know we have short or form content we're to scroll and even then we can't consume it all uh and so talk about the issues of lack of consumption and what that does to somebody who's running their offer with marketing selling psychology change work uh where does lack of cons consumption affect the sales process yeah so without consumption um there's like a there's like a connecting timeline right so you have a connection um consumption change work and then you have conversion comes out of that right so unless you can connect with somebody um you can't um communicate with them right and without communication you can go in the mind to do change work so we have to get in the mind to alter perceptions of the Mind moods feelings emotional states resourcefulness um all that stuff right and so I I'll take you back right so I had an ad Network I ran um and I sold it around 2016 I believe we had like 8,500 companies username it was an email ad Network right where you could um buy email drops for on lists right it was pretty cool and we took like 10% from the buyer 10% from the seller right and what's interesting with the network like building that you know I had to study um Network effects quite a bit and uh Network effects are interesting um because I've done a lot of paid traffic and every Network has the same thing right and and what networks do the most and you know I work with a lot of uh YouTubers and and content creators like really big ones um some of the biggest in the world and you know I I tell them the same thing it's like what happens for example take YouTube right so YouTube as a infancy Network they in order for Network to work to attract eyeballs they need somebody to create content right so they'll basically welcome content creators and the most uh engaging content tends to be controversial content right so you have like Jones Andrew Tate um you know conspiracy theory Stuff Etc right so if you look at Peak YouTube it's about 2016 right and so these guys will come create content users will come and then they Al algorithm will favor controversy because the way the human mind works is um contrast is a is a basis of awareness right so anything that contrast we become aware of if it doesn't have a contrast we can't notice it like the brain will not notice it anyway so what happens then is that they'll create a contrast then it the contrast and the differ the brain will notice it more than TV radio whatever so attention will shift to YouTube right or whatever and they'll pay attention to it and so once that happens and then human nature is to mimic and then they they have the financial incentive so more people come and then more content creators come because they keep lowering the barrier to entry whatever and next thing you know you have like a ton of content creators um and then what ends up happening is there's this inflection point that takes place with every Network which is um basically that um production exceeds consumption right and then when anytime in any economic system uh when production exceeds consumption you the the things that's being produce um goes down in value tremendously right so for example if you have a a car company that makes too many cars they can't sell they got to you know cut the prices right so the P the value goes down but the thing is it's like people aren't paying with money they're paying with time because and you know money is different because like you can get money on credit you can borrow it you can do whatever right but you can't go to a bank and get more time to consume more content so really stuck right so then what happens in that transition point is that um the ad Network be it that Network be YouTube Tik Tok Facebook whatever starts viewing people as disposable assets instead of assets so they start disposing people right and then you have banned so Andrew Tate got banned Alex Jones got banned um David I got banned so they start Banning people right and then in this Banning of people what ends up happening is the next stage which we're in right now is that they're they they they start to change our rules so with Dr buring uh you know YouTube decided like you know their stance on Alternative Health and so they're like limiting reach right so you can upload stuff all day long doesn't cost us anything just store I think because we have massive servers but where the cost goes is basically uh people viewing you know the bandwidth right so they're lowering the bandwidth and so a network has a fixed fixed amount of bandwidth right so that's how you do the computation and then um organic declines right and so what happens when it organic declines um organic creators that are making money are forced to go to the pay layer to pay the network for AC access right promoted post Etc so right now if you look at um Twitter right Twitter and Tik Tok so um controversial content got banned from YouTube Tik Tok allowed it Tik Tok blew up right and then America was like okay you guys are you know US government was like you a little too much stop it um um and then um Twitter too so Twitter was like well you know let's welcome controversy because that so that that's what happens anyway so um that happens everywhere right and so when that happens then um you got to go to paid layer and then without and that's the only way that's the only way right and so now what's happening is that and we can talk about like scaling the negative and um y yeah timeline economics all that stuff but yeah that's kind of where things are going all everything yeah okay so I mean a lot of people probably hear that remember when I first heard that I'm like okay what's the solution are all the all the mechanics out there what's the process how do we how do we like fix this the consumption issue and I mean one of the ways the processes you created has been extremely effective with scaling into the negative or being able to Quire relationships at scale is the well-known automatic clients funnel uh your format of a self-liquidating offer um I'm curious you put that offer out what like three or four years ago I think or when was it like yeah it was a while ago uh and even when I like rediscovered it two years ago it already been out for a while but I was like this is so crazy like this is so like such a great product it was still applicable and the stuff you were saying then still applied to today and then two years later today even more so than now so how like why is that process and automatic client style system so effective to this day um and then also just talking about how you're able to create such a good product whereas I feel like a lot of gurus or other experts uh or just you know people in the industry just throw stuff out there and it it breaks in like six to 12 months so yeah talk about yeah why automatic clients is still so effective today uh what that is and the philosophy behind your approach that you taught in that program yeah so so direct so back to the whole point on network so basically what ends up happening is like in the network where you know if if your reach is low and you go paid for it then the only thing to do is competing economics and we can talk about like because I I I I brought competing and economics with this industry and now there's people like teaching it but I don't so there's more yeah there's more there's like multiple layers of it right and so they're like you know competing on one layer which is you know the the financial economics are the least effective out of all they're important but they're not most effective right so when when it comes to um um the automatic lines thing right like I so I grew up in direct response like I love direct response right like I love it right and I'm I'm one of the best in the world at it right but I also probably am the only person inir response at this level who's willing to say look this thing has limitations okay a lot of limitations and and and where it has limitations like if you look at direct response as a whole um very few direct response companies uh reach over 100 million right and very few direct response company owners you know have private jets and all that stuff now a lot of these guys are like you know renting Jets and like they're like Honda Civic size jets are like hunched over you know you need a massage after the damn thing just to take some pictures with it or like they'll rent a Jet and have like 15 friends take it and like you know that'll be on ads for three months um but you know so with that mind I was like okay well if direct response has limitations why where do they come from right and and where they come from is that um this idea of um hiding the sale everything you know there's no companies in direct response that last a long time none right so like in the past 20 years there's like like MLM companies are only on survived but that's because like they kind of like make their people eat the stuff right so there's no no direct respon but like if you look at branding and stuff 100 years right so I'm like What's the difference and so the big thing with direct response offers is um and this is why like every single process like you know I did webinars from like 2014 2018 like way before it became a thing like we were making [ __ ] no money with them um we did like high take we did I did everything like long before people knew what there were people weren't even aware of this game right like I mastered it and so the thing is any direct response process tends to hide the sales process right and it only works so long you can hide the sales process right and as long as you can hide the sales process then you can have this like switch right where it's just like well it's not really free you know can you kind of like have this finagle into it so for example you know when I first like so I was the first I didn't invent a vssl so Keith Wellman actually invented a vssl um and there's other people claiming that they invented it but Keith Wellman invented it I actually prove dates on YouTube there's a video of Keith if you go to Keith Wellman video sales letter you'll see a date of it and then the other people that claim it you can look look at their claims and on archive.org and say there's a guy he's like I invented a BSL and I'm like no you didn't you liar because I I know your offer and I can look up his offer on archive. organ I say how come you're not using the vssl on that offer but Keith Wellman had it two years before right but what I did was I actually when Keith Wellman entered the vssl I refined it so I took the hero's journey put it in there and so we did did that like we were doing like you know $50 $60 epcs which is crazy like you know you $50 to click and the reason being is the audience was like oh you know this is an interesting video and next thing you know 50 minutes later somehow it's like give me 500 bucks right but over time as everybody does a vssl the audience is like well um this this really isn't a free video is it and so they be they become on guard right they become on guard and so hide in a sales process and so you can see is like book just book a call we're going to help you and it's like next thing you know it's like uh how much credit you got it's like why why are you asking me this [ __ ] or like you know the group thing it's a free group it's a free group you know it's a free event but give me some money right or it's like um you know it's an email list but give me some money that type of [ __ ] right so with with like I've never it's funny right I've never sold one thing to my list yeah and I don't pitch in a group right and I and and it's like I don't need it but mostly because you I do I do a lot of pull marketing instead of push marketing we can talk about that but um anyway hiding the sales process right and so everybody hides the sales process so webinar hit the sales process uh book a call hides the sales process and basically like who can hide the sales process first so for example when I invented a podcast vssl right um that was basically let's hide it let's hide it in in this mechanism of communication right and so with the automatic clients the reason it has longevity is because it doesn't hide the sales process it's there right and then also um there's like two segments of the market you got like well three you got unaware and you got um uh Pro like what is it problem State and solution state right and so people only give you money in in solution state so automatic clients works a lot on solution state where the ads can do the job of um unaware and creating and you know the problem State over into yeah moving the state so it has longevity because it doesn't hide what it is and then customers know and if customers know there is no resistance being built up to the model right yeah would you say though that the automatic clients or a self-liquidating offer for the people who haven't seen the automatic client system would you say that it still is hiding the upsell path or is it doing something different like does it still hide the sales process or the goal of it is to to do that or do you look at it differently yeah differently so what I realized is um the the biggest concept is um money over time right another limitation of direct response is basically that like everybody's really you know hyper obsessed with Day Zero or Os right so if it doesn't make money today the offer doesn't work right so with the nhb platform that I'm building over to launch it's like we're going negative a year and I'm going to try to go two years so basically we're going to Rite like 12 to 24 months without any making money on it right and so what ends up happening is um um you know the philosophy is like we're not acquiring just clients customers whatever that's one off every single business you know so if you look at okay who's got private jets who's got whatever right and is the people that own businesses and what commonality those bu do those businesses have they all have the commonality of people coming back to them over and over and giving them money right so you know there's a Chick-fil-A down the street here and it's like you know you drive by and it's like there's a line of cars and guess what it's probably the same people going to Chick-fil-A giving them five bucks every day for like five years right and so you know even if you look at like religion religious or you got church you got same people donate money over and over right um direct response works on let me get money once and eventually you run out a customer to do that so you need them you have to have them give you money right and so the philosophical position of automatic clients is basically acquire a relationship and then acquire revenue and then work to you know generate Revenue out of that relationship because it views customers as a renewable Financial resource right now if you get a th000 people this month month right so let timeline economics right so money over time and so the biggest companies in the world again which are not direct response and who also never use a sales letter or a vssl or a webinar or whatever right so they work on money over time so for example like you buy a house you know you go to a bank bank gets money over time everything works money over time right you buy a car people pay over time everything's overtime right and so the more overtime you can stretch it the more money you can get and anyway so what ends up happening is like let's say you get 1,000 customers today this month every month for the next 24 months you get 1,000 customers right doesn't seem like much but you have 24,000 people but then what ends up happening is like if every month you get money out of a third say 30% which is easy that means at month 25 you have 24 times 300 giving you money so it starts to Peak heavy and then you you can take that to acquire in in the beginning to to increase that Pipeline and then that's how you do it yeah so uh how can you though like let's say you acquire these relationships what how do you engineer retention uh or relationship right you get them because a lot of times like especially with like low ticket offers a lot of people I talk to there's like they get a bunch of people they get a bunch of people they're book a call book a call book a call they discard all the people don't book a call so how do you engineer uh retention or relationships after you've acquired a buyer yeah so so again I work on so I'm writing this book and I think I'm going to call it like Sultan principles or something I think it'd be great um I actually have a great domain for but that might be the title of it so I just work on principles right and principles are like the building blocks of thinking and then I can I can create thinking models and Frameworks and structures out of that um so the way to do it is to think about inclusion versus exclusion right so a lot of marketers s to work on exclusion principles right so I can't tell you how many of people oh I just I want to book High ticket leads okay you know but they they must make six figures wear purple sweaters and live in Oklahoma and drive Jeeps and it's like what the [ __ ] right so exclusion right Exclusion Principle and so they're excluding like everybody that wants to give a money because the hard you know the most expensive thing is what's the most expensive thing the person that doesn't give you money the most like if you just had people that gave you money you'd be fine but the most expensive thing is a person doesn't give you money because it's a pure loss an ad span right so then question becomes if you have direct response if you have 3% of people give you money and 90% of people don't give you money how do we sell the 97 because what here's what direct response does 3% gave us money let's figure out how to squeeze 10 times more out of them and [ __ ] these guys that's that's what they My Philosophy is like cherish these 3% and figure out why the other 97 didn't give you money and then figure out how to get them into the deal right so so what happens for example which there's a guy um in Fast Forward I I built his um backend Health coaching business took him to two to three million a month right what did we do he had a process where it was like boom he wants to get like whatever 8 to $10,000 customers that was the thing right I looked at it he's stuck I want better leads I want better lead yeah I was like all right cool me too so let's like sell to people that actually want to give you money but don't want to give you $10,000 how do we do that well we we just built this process where it's like if they go to the qualifier and they can't qualify then they're just downgrade it and and this was a hook you guys can use it right and the hook was basically like hey um I you know I want to um you know I want to help you lose weight but one of the biggest things when it comes to weight loss is um you know stress right and and and one of the biggest things that stresses people out are are financials right and when it comes to financials da da this program caused this much so we don't want to offer you that to cause stress what we'll do is we'll give you a same program minus a few things that you can upgrade later which opens the door for like 1,00 bucks but boom he was making more money of that $1,500 thing than the other thing and then the thing was like how can we disqualify more people how can we disqualify more people and like literally that was the thing so so then it was like then we switched it from then we switched it from um then we switched it from you know um making like qualifying people over to disqualifying people and then we made so inclusion right yeah so I follow this principle a lot right and and so you want me to keep digging this important let me I don't I can't see the chat there's yeah dude there's it's blowing up you're chilling how many people do you have watching yeah we have 60 60 live right now okay cool all right guys should keep going on this I got plenty but a little bit later I'm gonna actually have you uh build like write or say an offer create an offer on the spot so stay the end guys if you want to hear that but um yeah I like I like this idea and this talk on this because right now the whole Market is still playing that exclusion game and I talked to so many people where it's like better leads I want book called It's like what do you like so this I'm glad we're talking about this because at some point people aren't going to be able to afford to spend I mean there's a guy in Fast Forward I remember he was in another Mastermind you're talking about it and he was like spending like thousands for a booked call or something or it was crazy and the guru just like split test just split test your ass D dude was spending like $55,000 to get like a $7,000 customer I'm like how the for like for like a year I was like how are you like I was like what the [ __ ] like this is insane so he's like I think he's spending like I think like a thousand bucks now to get a so it's like 7x row it's pretty good uh but yeah so exclusion so so so then the principal comes like okay well how can we include more people in the deal right yeah okay because then it's like all those people just contribute to to the economic model of it and then we start doing that you know we started you know now you have because at the end of day it's like you know if you have a high ticket program and you just offer this down sell like I I give example it doesn't cost you anything it literally doesn't cost you there's a there okay there's a there's there's a bizop offer that's doing like about 7 million a year um it's a podcast vs so um can't really say what it is because I can't real his numbers but anyway same thing he just put that down sell in the qualifier and it's like you know it's like how can we disqualify more people and then you can bring them back up you know out of out of their Pipeline and so we operate on on on those models um and um so anyway so what happens over 15 months or 24 months or however long you have it you create this model where anybody can give you money now now where that where does that come from like where does that come from right well it comes from um the bell curve of income right so if you look at the bell curve of income you have you have the imagine you go from here to here right you go from here to here and you have a bell curve you know a bell curve right you imagine a bell curve right and at the end the bell curve and that's the age bell curve so you have people are like one year old and people are like 100 years old right and dead right so it's like old people young people right actually this way old people young people right whatever and then in between that you got every age point right and income point right and then you look at the average income per age right well if you go to the old people income there's a certain point and there's you go that these people income okay so what you have to do is you have to make a business work for the bell curve everybody in the bell curve right what what marketers do is they make it work for like this point in B curve basically people that make this much money which Narrows the audience down to like whatever 40 year olds 35 year olds job career whatever now here's how it works if you look at a bell curve right if you look at that uh old here what what commonality do I have they're all on Social Security right okay what's the average Social Security payment $1,500 a month how much is Spotify Netflix Amazon Prime the biggest recurring programs in the world they have like two three four 500 million members they're $1500 sorry they're $15 a month which is 1% of Social Security right average college student income $1,500 a month they get this and this if you get the extreme ends of the bell curve you got everything right so you acquire a relationship that and then you can you know you can build that out you know but no I want a high ticket right now I want book a call book a call I book a call it's crazy these guys make like a million dollars and they're like I'm rich I'm like no we just made a million dollars you're not rich it's not that much money I saw something uh somebody posted they're like I didn't know you could buy the clickfunnels 2 comic award just right from the company I'm like oh yeah what was it what was it you can f like someone was talking about they're like wait I don't know you can buy like the two comic Club award from the award company that makes them for clickfunnels I was like yeah yeah you can like a I know a lot of people uh and then there's another thing this is just a little little crap talk before we get into the another question but uh there's somebody who will run like a $2,000 transaction over and over at different fake emails uh and they'll yeah so anyways that's some dark lord and they like yeah I make a million and everyone's like oh my gosh it's like um not always not always there's some good people but not always um now speaking of making money getting rich Etc you made a post on January 4th and you said the only way to get rich in this game is by running SL owning offers you'll make good money doing other stuff but won't get rich and even though there are many games within the game the offer game is the only game worth playing talk to me more about that um so I'm I'm very lucky and fortunate to um have got into this game when there was no such thing as clients now you know Gary Halbert did the client thing and Kennedy whatever but it was never like you know it wasn't Biz oped right like this whole get clients [ __ ] is bizo and where that came from was basically the classic bizop is work at home so so the the one of the biggest bizop offers is home job placement umor and um if you go on archive.org you type in home job placement. org and you'll see it you know and I I may might not have had a similar offer but uh so it's like work at home type of offer right it's like a work at home you know make money make 75 bucks at home right and and it's like what's the extension of that well become a freelancer or get clients right somebody has to pay you right and that's fine there's nothing wrong with that right like like freelancing is fantastic and if if you want to do that no like whatever right it's fine but I will say this um things change things change right and so it's like as a freelancer you are kept so there there's there's variables that you're not aware of right so first off you're you're cab by your time right how many clients can you get at any given point so for example let's say you charge whatever so um you're limited so your income is always capped right capped and then the other thing that's affecting your income is by um you know it being commoditized meaning how many other people are also offering the same service right so for example uh 2 three years ago some of the highest paid copywriters were getting paid you know 50 80 100 Grand per letter are now getting paid like 20 to 30 they have to take less like they have no choice because people are like well I'm going to go I get two offers over here or three over here I'm gonna test them and one of them is gonna beat your one that that just happened I was just talking to a guy where he went to like a very well-known copyright space people say he's one of the best he's pretty good but he went to him and it was like 30k for a vsl but then he was like oh this guy over here is doing it for 12K and he's your student went and pay gu 12K and it crushed and it's you know just saved so yeah I see it happening all the time yeah yeah absolutely so you're limited by that right and so because things change and people get better then it's like that like becomes commoditized right and so again copyrighting is fantastic it's good but you have to really know what you're dealing with right and So eventually what'll happen is the price just keeps going down I'll give you an example right so in you know I in Fast Forward HB plus like I teach people like you know how to do cro how to do seea launch offers right copy and everything right and I never fancy myself as like you know focusing on one thing because you need the whole thing to do well um and you know for example people like you know there's a guys there that you know charge like 500 bucks an ad right okay fine but then you have somebody come and be like I'll give you five ads for $500 and the person buying the ads will go well I'll just test five ads and if two work I'll I'm getting double my money right out of the five two will work right whatever and so they do that do that numbers math right and so you're limited right you're very limited and and what happens in the offer game is like you know I'm a big believer of like um secure positions right being in a position of [ __ ] you right so basically having everything paid off you know having money so you never have to work again or at least 10 years whatever so you can just be like you know you you kind of truly become the boss of your own time right and to do that you need something that's going to be separate from your time right and the only thing that can be be separate from your time is something that people give you money for that doesn't require your time okay and that can be multiplied and so that's offers and and and the thing is really like the craziest thing about offers is like there's people out there they're like don't do offers it's hard right but yet it's like the same people make all their money because offer owners pay them and then they also have their own offers so it's like a little bit paradoxical and dishonest right so it's like why wouldn't you encourage it because what happens is if you don't grow the off offer ownership in the industry you're shrinking the industry by quite a bit and if you're shrinking the industry then it's like there's less money circulating and everybody gets negatively affected right and I've seen it because I've seen this industry die uh two three times and it takes a long time for the heart to beat again right and the reason it died is because people stopped doing things to bring more money in into the whole thing and it died right anyway so with offers you know you just need one to take off and you're set right so for example I had Alex calino hit me up this morning um and he's like hey you know we're at $500,000 on this new offer it's about three three months old I would say three to six months old half a million dollars right um the offer we built um you know is doing like ton of ton of money I mean it's just like yeah it's crazy it's insane right and there's so many people doing it and so if it was hard people wouldn't do it now does it take skills to learn how to do it yes but it's like not anything that's like um how can I say it it's not some weird skill that can't be learned by anybody you know yeah yeah because like you can always acquire skills or you can go obtain them stack them layer them on right go now what's interesting about doing the offer thing is like once you learn how to do offers then you can go sell cro you can sell Consulting you can sell you can do copywriting you can do upsells yeah you told me you were like hey who do you think a offer owner is gonna want to pay the guy who actually has own offers and has done his own offers or person who's never owned their offers and only knows like a Google doc and the copy and I was like oh yeah so then I went and I did my own offers and then like you said people want what you have they want to mimic you and so like oh how can you I want that and I was like oh and then you can speak from confidence you can be like Oh I'm spending 600 a day on 1.6 row as yeah I can help you I can we can figure something out and it's like oh shoot so I also think it benefits like you can do both you know you can you can always go back you know you have Choice that's a good one yeah you can always go back to freelancing and like do whatever right it doesn't matter but you should you should at least try it right because the opportunity doesn't last like and and and I'll tell you the reason I'm so like adamant about like you know encouraging everybody about doing it is I've taken this game for granted um for a long time right because you know back in around like 2008 to 2012 when we're running heavy on ClickBank you know it was like you do an offer two offers you make make like you know whatever $2 $3 million a year and you're chilling right and you let the next guy go you do you mail your list you support him you know like literally like you work you create an offer it takes you like your product takes like two three weeks you write the copy and [ __ ] takes you like a week so a month work you you know you're pulling a million bucks whatever right and so I took it for granted right I was like ah it's always going to be here you know it's cool whatever you know and what happens is more and more people do it which goes back to the thing I was talking about which is delution right and then it becomes more it becomes more difficult right so for example like if you go back to 2016 and you were to run webinars like you could not not make money if you go back to 2020 and you ran book call you could not not make money right and so those those things change right and it's like these these opportunities are like well [ __ ] here just take it being a freelancer will always be there you can always do that it's not going anywhere right but the opportunity shrinks so you know and so developing the skills and that goes away so if I could go back instead of just like whatever [ __ ] around I would just go super super hard and make like as many offers as I could like I would just pop them out like a [ __ ] you know who did that Agora Agora and they became A2 billion company true that's true so uh I think a lot of times there's a couple different reasons why people don't want to launch an offer you did a great series inside of the Facebook your nothing El back facebooker recently on that um but one of the things that I've noticed is like the issue of People wondering what to sell like that's a big like I on my on the Consulting calls I do it's always what do I sell what should I sell I mean you get asked that question all the time can you give me example all this stuff so so how do you what are your thoughts and how do you answer that or how should people look at that and they have that objection and that question yeah it's very easy actually so um you know I have this saying which which pissed a lot of people off but it's like you know be mad at the truth um not me um it's like if you have a good product it can sell without marketing but if you have marketing without without a good product then it's like you basically have a scam in your hands right um and so the reason being is like ultimately um what people are paying for is a transformation of some kind right and to illustrate that for example like you know I have you know if you have a car the transformation is from you going from here to there to get to somewhere right if you uh want to go eat at say McDonald's the transformation is like you know you want to bored or you're hungry and you want to transform that into satiety um if it's a weight loss offer you're selling you know um how they feel whatever the transformation so the product ultimately in terms of what to sell you have to sell something right and that something is something that transforms an aspect of themselves that they cannot transform themselves and so you basically trans you know look through a lens of transformation and what are you transforming and and what happens is in the transformational thing there's only one thing that can transform a situation or a person person or circumstance and that's the mechanism that's why I like mechanistic copy because if you if you have a mechanism transform it copyrights itself quite easily right there's a lot of people like big idea copy but to me it was always like I see a lot of these guys are like I spent a m a month looking for the big idea and I'm like well if the product is right in front of you what it's like it's like what the [ __ ] what do you have in front of you what are you selling if it you know it's like if it's not obvious then it's like what do you have to finagle the because here's the thing like uh big idea copy generates a terrible customer because it can't meet the expectation of the big idea because the product has to be little if the idea is if the idea in the copy is bigger than the actual product doing the thing mismatch right and so you just think of it from a lens of okay what do I sell I have to transform then you basically say well how do people have this transformation right and then you say okay I'm going to you know they need they they can read a book and that's one price point they can have a course that's one point they can have templates that's one price point you doing AFF for them that's a nice price point you um helping them do it themselves with a bunch of tool that's one pro them community community so how does it transform and then when you have that then copy becomes really easy to write because a copy is nothing than just a description of the transformation that's going to take place in the future if they do that because every single product is purchased for a better future that's kind of how it works yeah I like that it was something uh one of your other students inside of fast for and uh Chief NE shout out Chief NE we were talking about this yesterday how when you have like when you know the product and the mechanism actually gets the result of the transformation The Copy just flows like it always just flows but whenever you don't have confidence in the product you don't have the philosophy is behind it you don't know the principles you just hit this wall and you're like having to force it and come up with something well um and I think go ahead I think there's a lot of good people in this industry who really want to do a good thing and help people out and I think there's a lot of internal conflict being created by you know certain people copyrighting gurus whatever who kind of normalize uh the stretching of morals and ethics in in exchange for money right and so it's like if if you're selling something and your heart of hearts and your soul you know it's like it's not that good you know your subconscious is going to fight you um to put it out there into the world and then it takes a special type of person to be able to kind of like Overlook you know their moral compass to do that and so when you have the mechanistic copy you don't have to fight your morals it's like you're just like you actually you're actually doing a disservice if you don't sell it hard yeah I you also you made a post on this in the past talking about how when you write copy you write from a state of assuming they've already said yes or something like that could you talk about that more I forgot the exact details but like one of the ways you look at writing copy uh what's that mindset that you kind of write with there yeah so again direct response flaws right so direct response is a flaw of thinking that somebody comes on a page and it's like they don't want to be there like you're forcing them to be there right they're like I don't want to be here and you're like you have to kind of prove it to them beat them kick them yell at them write a Horror Story scare them uh you know threaten them you know like have a popup all these [ __ ] things to like just basically you know convince them to say yes but but but thing is like why would they be there unless they wanted to buy the [ __ ] thing in the first place like you don't go to McDonald's unless you're hungry right maybe you're bored but like you still want to you're there for a reason right so if somebody comes on a landing page a vsl or or a webinar or whatever or sales call whatever to me they want to buy it now however there are parts of them that are resisting that buy and so what we have to do is we have to convert the parts the resistance into a yes right so we have to remove the nose and once we remove the nose then the only thing left is that pure intention of moving forward so everybody has an intention to buy but there is a blockage on that intention that doesn't let them move forward and so we have to find what's limiting them so for example like when I did the selling to women calls you know whenever you take a funnel you split it between men and women that's a very different um performance aov CPA upsel take R back timelines and all that stuff right um well women need certain things to be communicated to them to remove their nose their uncertainties right based on Safety and Security principle of the versus status um and men need different things now men in different ages need it and then when I did the call you know the market maturation Cycles where the market is so knowing how to slice these things allows you to remove the nose now people that are like well offers are hard whatever I'm like okay yes they can be hard if you don't know how to do any of this [ __ ] because it's literally like beating your it's like you know putting water in a car and saying it doesn't run it's like we need [ __ ] gas you know putting [ __ ] water in into the it's like doesn't work doesn't work of course yeah definitely um okay one thing you also posted December 26 2023 it's kind of you were talking about like the big idea but you said customers don't respond as much to the big idea as they do to the new idea could you expand on that a little bit more yeah so this goes to go back to principles basically humans um how human brains learn right and so if you're if you know you have to know how how the brain learns and if you're going to teach it anything right how it absorbs information organizes information stores information processes information sorts information creates meaning out of information all that stuff right so knowing all that stuff um allows you to basically um impact the mind and the Brain to a great degree right and so one of the things is that um the human ego um learns through so we did a call in nhb plus you know it's called selling to the ego right it's a three-hour call how to sell to the ego and every human being has an ego women have an ego men have an ego and an ego is not something that's like you know one of those things like You're you have an ego like you're you're you're a bad person and ego is just basically a sense of self-awareness right and the and they used to call it the ego right ego so ego ego right and basically it's the it's the individualization process now how the brain learns is that it doesn't learn through similarity it learns through difference and so it generalizes so for example if somebody goes um you know uh you can't generalize well that's a generalization in itself so you're always generalizing so if you ever have an argument about like oh you can't gen you're generalizing like you're just generalizing I'm generalizing what the [ __ ] you talking about so that the ego learns through difference right difference and so the basis of aw awareness is contrast so for example like right now as we're talking like you forget that you have legs because they're not moving right and you go oh [ __ ] I have leg right so you you recognize it right so we only notice things that move difference right and if we notice things that move they're different then the brain starts encoding differences and we learn differences so the learning process humans make is actually one of difference not similarities the secondary learning process is similarity because if you're out there in a wild say 10 20,000 years going into the woods whatever and like you come you know you're walking the path and you see some Bear Tracks knowing the difference between Bear Tracks and human tracks will mean survival or death or wolf tracks right but if you're just looking how everything is similar you don't notice it so it's built into us to notice differences now if if it's um if it's a big idea is just typically more of the same whatever but a new idea is that the brain automatically notices it right so if you look at musicians so if you look at the weekend if you look at Kanye West if you look at any of these guys who who kind of keep Reinventing themselves uh the Kardashians whatever who kind of who kind of keep being relevant is that they operate on this principle of new and different to stand out right um so that's the thing and then the brain will learn and scan and recognize it so for example in nhb plus um you know there was somebody that that had a a pooping business you know like the PJ he had a business about you know pick up yeah dude I love PJ dude he's such a you know why I love PJ he's so he's so in love with this game dude it's amazing um yeah he's fantastic OG OG dude I remember back when I was back in the day he was a cold email dude he's a beast little yeah I love that guy just his dedication to the game is just phenomenal I have a lot of respect for him so he wants to do this offer for like um um picking up poop right and he's like how to make 10 so how to make 102k a month right and it was like it was the same thing which is like everybody else is doing I did a post today three three levels of you know faster bigger easier right and I was like we have to create this selling to the ego principal in there and what I did was like you know I just changed a hook which was like you know the ugly business that make makes 10 to $20,000 a month you know Etc right and then the copy is like you know if you want to stop taking crap from your boss and pick up crap to make 10 20K a month and make more money than your boss here you know so that automatically gets it right then another thing is like in fast forward we have somebody who um you know there's this thing which um you have these bizop Cycles where it was like uh how much you make how fast you make it how easy you make it right and his thing was like how to make certain figures right which was how much and that's becoming saturated and it's not different enough anymore right so I just changed a hook and it was like you know how to launch a small business small how to launch a small yet highly profitable online business that makes 10 to 20,000 a month by doing this mechanism right and now it's like boom and so that's how the ego learns through so that's why you have to have new instead of big because the brain will not recognize and encode it so so one of the biggest things with a lot of these guys um you know it's like it's like they'll just do the same [ __ ] forever forever forever and the Brain literally starts to ignore them like B you know like it it'll it you can't encode information anymore yeah yeah um January 22nd you made a post I loved it's you said everyone wants to do recurring oh yeah no one seems to realize that recurring offers need recurring problems and recurring problems need recurring Solutions and recurring Solutions require constant new content for software let's dive into a little bit I feel like I've added uh to the desire AK lack of f wanting recurring because yes I have clients where we put out offers in recurring doing 60 80,000 a month but of course I'm highlighting the perks of it and we all know what's really going on behind the scenes so expand on that post expand on that post Al yeah so so around 200 87 I had a supplement company had thousands of people on recurring and I was getting like you know I was doing supplements a lot of these supplement guys were in like diapers um and um after that I built like a membership site about 5,000 people paying between 67 97 so I've done recurring a lot right I've done recurring a lot and my stick rates have always been like exceptionally long um you know we have something like 98% retention rate for two years in an HP plus which is like insane at that price point nobody comes close um and um you know I know how recurring works and like I've seen this cycle happen again it's like there they go like you know they can't can't make money in high ticket anymore because you know why they can't make money anymore High ticket okay hide in a sales process and that Exclusion Principle right so they're like well hi tiet didn't work I'm like no hiding the sales PR process and Exclusion Principle is why he tiet didn't work but it's like I have high ticket guys I'm getting them at$ two to$ three million a month using these principles High ticket didn't work yeah so anyway wait till I start my podcast be the biggest [ __ ] talk in the world so so so yeah so I think it didn't work anyway so they're basically um but what do recurring I'm g go recurring so they start all doing the same [ __ ] right like you could literally start like fake Trends in this industry and these [ __ ] morons would do it really literally I'm going to be like you know like what was it like some Guru would made word the aura ring and now they all word the AA ring or some [ __ ] like but anyway they just copy each other right like it's like um and so right now they're just like you know I'm going to go do some recurring right because all these reasons right and the reason they're doing recurring not because they want to do recurring they they don't you know because the H don't work and when it comes to recurring it's like you know people have have to have a reason to stay there right so they're just treating the recurring program as like a high ticket program and it's like recurring game is all about you know novelty and and being Innovation transformation and all that [ __ ] right and so they're just coming in with the same old [ __ ] same old [ __ ] now the thing is this industry has a lot of mechanics right like if you look at the world Dynamics profile mechanics and recurring are like oil and water like don't [ __ ] try just give up leave it alone don't do it you're if you're to fail you're going to [ __ ] hate it because the first thing mechanics do when they build a recurring program is how can I not do anything in it right and so it requires recurring profit Sol so with software it's like this the reason recurring Works in software is because you know if you if you have you know if you have an email list you got to send them emails and you got to pay active campaign a few hundred bucks a month you know if you have a funnel you got to pay Russell for the funnel thing 100 bucks a month right like I've been paying them for years right so it's like like it's whatever right but it's like they it's a function and it's a recurring problem but these guys don't understand it and so when it comes to recurring problem you have to constantly solve a recurring problem so in fast forward like you know I do hot seats and daily feedback and [ __ ] and it's like literally airplanes falling out of the sky and it's like fix it and I'm like you know you've seen it like fix this fix this fix fix this fix this right but but people don't want to do that and it's like it's it's not a good model to build if you can't if you don't if you can't solve problems all the time or unless you have something that can solve problems such as like uh like an email software go high level or whatever right and so they're all jumping into it and I've seen this this is like the fourth time it happened they're all going to jump into it they're all gonna you know it's going to burn out yeah and they'll be on to the next thing whatever you know yeah I know it's I remember I was talking to people like who saw what we've done for curring and they're like I want to do it and they're like okay so you're telling me I have to be in there weekly doing calls or supporting people I'm like all right I was like we're not you're not doing we're not doing this like go do high ticket like milk it and I love what your principle of like you said something like money today is better than money tomorrow or something could you expand on that like the idea of like the issue retention and you know getting that cash up front over a monthly amount of time so so the the challenge of selling recurring programs is that like when you're selling a recurring program the brain is always translating like it's doing math right so if you want to build a great offer like I'm actually writing this post tomorrow but it's like if you want to increase cro um if you if you're if you're if you're doing cro like the biggest thing to increase an offer is to like figure out where you have to translate value right because the brain has to translate value like how is this useful for me how does this get me where I want to go Etc right and um what what ends up happening is with that translation of value you constantly have to um translate the value for them right and and when it comes to making money what offer it's like the brain will actually with recurring offers it'll compute a value so if you're selling like 97 a month it's actually equivalent of selling A1 th000 program because it'll be like well I got to pay for this for a year or whatever right so if you're selling recurring you have to really sell a timeline of outcome right so for example even though this is 97 a month by month three you should have everything so you can leave right they want that most most like none of these recurring guys do that [ __ ] they're just like stay here forever so the brain goes I got to pay this [ __ ] forever right and so it it becomes exponentially more difficult to sell recurring right and then they have massive drop offs um and everything and so what ends up happening is like there is no such thing as recurring there's that goes into the principle of money over time right and eventually they'll leave they're never going to stay forever unless you have an iPhone or you're a utility right that you need electricity so the key is to become utility like Russell Brunson created click funnels and like he was the utility for quite some time but now he's competition right now that's he has go to he's got to deal with that but so so so the thing is it's like if you can take for example if your average stick rate is like say 8 months or 6 months at 97 and you're getting $600 then it would be better if you got $600 today because even if you just put that money in the market and get interest on it but what you can do is you can acquire more people you can spend that 600 today to fund acquisition of more people which go into that so the best form of recurring is to sell them something to get them out of recurring to get that money up front yeah that's good that's good awesome now you talked about you mentioned how in your recurring program I mean there's like 500 plus people inside the mass right now or something you know nothing I don't know I looked at the stats it's been like 500 for a while we got like 600 now 600 yeah all paying like at least 500 a month which is crazy and I mean they're there and we're there because you are you know we have yeah we have about 600 300 in fast forward and 300 in na plus yeah I don't know how you do it I mean on those fast forward calls people come they like can you write my entire Vell and I mean not that you do it all the time but um yeah I want to I would love to hear I know we talked about it but would you be down to create an offer on the spot yeah man all so just a fair disclaimer I was drinking last night so brain isn't isn't functioning quite well today it let's put it on you got it um okay so guys in the comments below what what kind of information do you want to get do you just need like a market like what are the just like basic like we did this on one of the calls you essentially said you need like a market or like a product an outcome just need to mark it and what the product is and what it does all right in the comments Below guys and it needs to know like is it book a high ticket book a call low ticket vsl whatever yeah we'll do just like I don't know do a vsl it'll be a vssl like just opener into it um okay I'm getting some comments here um let's see I'm gonna pick we can't let Allan pick he'll just pick a bizop just kid now you're the one that picks bizop but not me work on more non bizop offers clean no I do health I do supplements um anyways okay let's see um women's dating offer how do you feel that women's dating offer I built ton of those dang it Spanish learning business built those two he's done it all guys I'm trying to get him a hard one we're trying to get him a hard one cat training there's I try to talk that dude out of that he wants to do it I was like okay he still doing it do the [ __ ] do the [ __ ] do the [ __ ] cat training better be some lions and tigers and [ __ ] you know like Mike Tyson vies if you want to train cats okay let me pick one I gotta pick one here let's see come on guys we need some give me some good ones I want to see a good one uh do the poop Niche what the poop Niche the [ __ ] Nitch yeah [ __ ] [ __ ] that money okay do this let's do the Spanish one um English to Spanish uh offer vs the audience audience is uh actually no let's do uh Spanish to English come into the come coming to the states mail mail Market um they they got I don't speak Spanish so how's that gonna work fine do English to Spanish but what's the who's the market like what's the market uh it's a male Mill Market uh and it's going to be like around 25 plus okay out of college and well they got they want to learn Spanish yep they want to learn Spanish they're trying to getage out of college okay mail vsl opener okay what's a product what's a it's a course it's a you get a course you come in uh you get to talk to people who are fluent in Spanish it's like a Discord what what what is it like you learn Spanish yeah yeah you learn Spanish what what outcome do they want why why they want to learn Spanish uh I'm just making this on the fly so I'm guessing but I'm assuming they want to learn Spanish so they can travel abroad go to other Spanish speaking countries um be able to be bilingual and the status of it like I know two languages I don't know for I'm just pulling pulling out the air can you work with that where do they live they live in the states like America United States white white males ringos it is Black History Month so maybe you want this green go Secrets I sold a lot to that Niche too I sold to everybody dude all right give us a vsl opener to for a course coaching program in in in in Spanish all right let me think uh yeah need to know like who the okay Spanish they want to learn they want to learn Spanish okay male 25 plus out of college because they want to travel yeah they want to go travel may they want to work in a Spanish speaking country they want to uh have social skills going abroad you know go to Mexico go to C I don't know Cabo and ball out you know they want to do some drugs go to Miami little watch watch Scarface watch Scarface a few times talk a little [ __ ] in Spanish yes L say is for the guys who want to go to Colombia yeah dude Columbia is great all right cool um yeah so basically like the audience is a little vague so I'll just I'll just improvise right cuz the audience kind of like this like flat like nothingness right do you want a better audience I can give you a better one I got a couple more Finance Bros is fine for Spanish yeah learning Spanish and finance yeah all right it need some type of like flat so basically it be like um you know um there's a you know you can just do like a when it comes to finance um when it you know when it comes to finance there's two types of people that make it you know it has nothing to do what school you went to um how connected you are what you do what you do Etc blah blah blah it has everything uh with who you can work with right as of right now um you know every single Bank you want walk into investment firm yada y y they cater to they cater to you know English speaking people but the the massive opportunity they're all missing is the fact that so I think like 20% or 30 like whatever 20% of the United States population is Spanish um and you know and half of them don't like a third of them don't don't speak English right and many of them have money which means if you can speak Spanish you know it opens doors that normally wouldn't open doors such as blah blah blah blah blah doors you can walk through now we're using some metaphors doors you can walk through and these doors are your opportunities to walk into new position um opportunities chances to connect communicate with people and turn and do something you know have access to something nobody else has which will allow you to blah blah blah therefore you know you can make this much doing this this much this as of right now I go on indeed.com pull out there 17 you know 1,700 positions they acquire Finance position and they pay this much more per each position and the reason for that is because blah blah blah blah which means and so translate you in you know in in 3 years you can make more than you would in 10 years and with in three years you know because you learn Spanish you can go to Columbia do cocaine and have a whole bunch of stuff there hey hey it's Christian podcast yeah yeah yeah so so yeah that was we can do more yeah do do okay so uh entrepreneurs uh bizop entreprene just kidding uh entrepreneurs productivity uh so Focus uh let's have more Focus while they're working they're obviously like we'll go for like the 25 plus still again male Market U we'll do a female one next but yeah productivity it's a AC vsl I already built one I already built one I'll just repeat what I said I already built one in Fast Forward two weeks ago it's crushing already all right share it all right so basically like you're 25 now and have you ever thought about what Elon Musk Jeff Bezos um Steve Jobs and you know whatever you know we're doing at 25 right yes you know yes they you know they party they had fun they did this this this this this this this but they had something that you don't have and that something was the ability to focus on the thing at hand and that Focus being them being able to focus is the reason they were able to do XYZ do XYZ XYZ by the age 30 in fact this one became a billionaire this one did this this one this this and today Elon Musk is the richest man Bill Gates says this this guy says that and there you are a 25 years old looking around wondering what you're going to do okay and the only difference between you and everywhere you want to go is your ability to aware to be aware and attention and and pay attention to things attention is a narrow band of awareness and focus is a narrowing of attention and what you focus on grows so are you going to focus on doing this this this this this this this or blah blah blah because you're already focusing except you're focusing on the wrong things so here's how to and and the reason you're focusing on wrong things because you don't have control of your focus so here's how you f take control of your focus and focus on what matters so you can do blah blah blah blah blah that's an actual offer I I built like two weeks ago it's doing really well yeah hyper Focus entrepreneur you'll see it at time probably see we have party running yeah all right Lana give me one for the female Market I want to we gotta we gotta show some love to the ladies this is me this is also me like hung over like this is Dr I know this is just a taste this is just a taste but I'd love to see anybody else jump on here and crank out even just try to say something like live likeand practice I'll never for like who wants to try and I was like I'll try I'm like yeah I got I want [ __ ] out can [ __ ] out off any Niche dude and they'll convert yeah all right let's see I want to see uh something for moms uh oh my gosh parenting offer for kids uh high school so it's a mom she's a her first high school kid um and she wants to she it's an offer where it's like how to direct your kids so that they have a better future choose a path or more successful but she doesn't want to be super clingy or a controlling mom she just wants to be a fun mom she doesn't want her kid to hate her when he goes off to college um and so it's a course teaching her out a parent leader kid director kid so a good job Career Education without being clingy easy easy easy peasy easy peasy so you you know that the the hardest and most ironic thing about being a mom is that you don't find out that you were a good mom until it's too late o until it's too late when you're at of age you look back and look at all the things you could have done right and done wrong and what you should have done would have done could have done but you didn't know didn't do and the only reason you you you're in that position is because you didn't know what you didn't know so it's not your fault so in the next seven minutes I'm going to tell you something that should come with being a mom hand guide book that's never that was never given to you never given to us never given to my parents and it should be given in this guide book you're going to discover blah blah blah because every child has three inflection points when they go when they first go to kindergarten when they're in middle school and when they go to high school when they're first in kindergarten they learn to play when they're in middle school they learn who they are and when they're in high school they learn where they go in life some of some children know where to go in life and they end up in a position where they support carry their parents where you look back being proud of of you know of your greatest creation your greatest project your greatest contribution which is your child and while other moms look back in shame embarrassment sadness looking how could have this happened to me what I'm going to do is make sure that you never look back how could this happen to me and instead be in a position where everybody else ask you how did you do it what did you do different what did you do right so here's what you need you're not doing then you need to do right right now you're not blah blah blah blah blah easy I love I love how you used a few principles you taught us and nothing all back on selling to women at the opener uh opener there of like I'll throw like the scapegoating it's not their fault you know it's never their fault good stuff you know things people wouldn't know if they weren't there but I love that that's good do you want to do one more uh let's see see I got one more here whatever you want dude I got it I [ __ ] out offers in my sleep all day long when you're walking around do you just like have offers come to mind like out in public like do you feel like it's or can you disconnect from your work like when you leave the house doing life can you just like disconnect you always like I I just it's it's at the point where it's just subconscious processing I don't really think about this [ __ ] just comes out of me I mean you've seen me in Fast Forward just like you know [ __ ] out offers non-stop so it's like yeah UPS sales offers and uh it's so easy yeah yeah um a question on vssl openers um what is the why is their importance you talk about teach us like the importance of really being like the opener uh I don't know the way I've understood it from you is that is like one of or the most important part of vsl um or is so talk to me about that expand on why and how you look at openers and approach them for all the copyrighting junkies that are tuning in today yeah so so what ends up happening it's like well two things pre- openers and openers right so one of the things is like you have an ad or a post or whatever right and that that generates an intention curiosity and kind of hands it over to the offer right and so imagine like you have a number of different ads and posts and they all I'm doing a post about this uh probably Friday it's called the pre-open right and it's like in fast forward the biggest needle mover I'm doing lately is creating pre- openers for people and that's like the thing that comes before the opener right and what that does it actually takes the ad and then converts the intention into the thing it's very easy to do and then when you have that you have a perfect alignment of an ad and offer and it works without that you have you have the disconnect like people leave right and but with with the opener it's like you know the way it works is like you know words are codes and basically those codes unlock memories and memories create images in the mind and then you're basically manipulating images because if you think about like you know for example like marketing is change work right well what exactly are we changing and we're changing memories right because you know that's why you can't offer and different languages don't work on you because you don't have those memories and so openers what they do is they they paint a picture paint the scene paint a situation painted circumstances where it kind of like pulls them into the scene and they lose awareness because most people think that you're having a dialogue they're having a monologue because the way the brain synthesizes information is basically like right now like I'm talking to you right but I'm my brain is rebuilding you in my mind and you're rebuilding me in your mind and then I think I'm talking to you but really I'm talking to myself and you're talking to yourself but there's a trick that we don't know that and so therefore it's always a a person's talking to themselves so a good opener will put them in a scene where they do it right and and and and you know I'll tell you the greatest thing like it's funny I actually have this thing right tomorrow but the greatest thing you can do in an offer is to get them to make the claim themselves if you get them to make the claim themselves they'll argue with it right so there's three levels you get the you get the highest level is that you get them to make the claim themselves the second highest is the audience makes the claim for you and the third highest is you make the claim but yeah openers um openers need to basically build rapport connect agree um they should never disagree with somebody because it goes to that level of um um that difference so if you have too much difference then automatically you put somebody in danger and then people get freaked out right so you never want to disagree you want to agree then you want to associate them and then what happens when you have that agreement then you go you flip it over into the into the energetic flow you know and so a good offer what it'll do good opener will get the audience um to completely um lose awareness and then what ends up happening is then you get into the subconscious where the timeline the structure of time is different than like the time in the conscious mind and then like you you can you can do all sorts of things there that's good that's good uh one little this question may lead to some more open Loops or things to talk about but it's kind of the last big one here uh Before I Let You Go um what is an offer you have people running around with purple books saying what an offer is think it's a guarantee you have people out here you know you even have people like me with my own opinions or other people saying oh it's this or it's that it's a claim what is an offer can you just like how do you sum up or explain the principle what is an offer because you have people saying oh you need a good offer you need an ears disp offer you need and then someone's like I need a better offer and they sit down and they're like well what part is this my risk reversal all like what is an offer break it down for us give us your thoughts and opinion on what an offer really is yeah so it's interesting because nobody really knows the history where the term came from and how it came from and why we why do we call it such a it's like it's such a strange term isn't it like an offer it doesn't you know it's kind of like you ever like think about it it's like it's kind of weird to call these things offers you know you don't go to like you know you go to the mall and be like the you know the stores have offers you know they just have products right and so offer basically it's like what you're offering to the market okay and so when you offer something to the market um basically what you offer to the market should change the market in some type of way positively right it's ultimately an offer is something that changes the market for the better because the only reason anybody buys anything is to change something there is no there's no other reason anybody buys anything any transaction you cannot have a purchase like be it a watch a coffee shoes a pillow you are trying to change something so you got that nice microphone right you wanted to change how you sounded you want to change something right and that's all in offers it's something that changes something for somebody else and that makes their life better that's it and what copy does marketing is communicates how that works and the product does the job that's it so then with people looking at like okay I need to improve my offer uh or if they're coming with an offer then the question is how can I create a better product that creates a change that a bigger Market wants or like the question really is going deep is like oh is my product creating enough change or the change that my market wants is that than the question when looking at or when people say how do I create a better offer well you ultimately create a product for one person right so like in the universe there's only one number right which is one and so for example if I think of number 57 there's 57 ones repeated one time and so it's deceptive right so same principle applies over to offers it's like we truly create one thing for one person and if they're one person so long as they're the average sum of other people can follow through the process and get results then basically theoretically when you extrapolate it if a million people do it should also get results right so you don't you know the biggest thing with building a business or an offer is thinking that you're building it for a million people so when you build a business you're building it for one customer right and then the customer multiplies itself and when you're building an offer you're building it for one person and that c customer multiplies itself so all you have to do is just better creating a value for one person and then so just so happens with the mechanics of the magic of the internet that most people can get value out of it right um that's it it's not it's it's really not that hard um when you think about it from that lens of just one um that transformation and then the question becomes like well what what is it like that's kind of a bit of an abstract idea in itself so you just have to think about what anything that has a transformation has a process right so for example if you look at a car engine you turn on the car and a whole bunch of things you know gas goes into the thing explodes moves right that's the thing right electric car electrons flow so it's a process right everything's processed and so how does your process a sequence of events that if they have input into the the more input they have into the sequence of events the lower the price the less input they have into the sequence of events the higher the price that's it and so if they going to interact with the sequence of events what sequence of events to generate the result the transformation and that's an offer that's all it is and that's all we're doing with copy and everything we're just communicating that m not that hard you know and so um I'll say this it's interesting because like um I don't know if you have time for this but like if if you know oh yeah we got hey alen come on I got like I have 10 more questions I don't just have one more I'm on your schedule I I want to you know you got to get to those fast feedbacks later so I need you to critique my copy um yeah so like if you look at like um if you look at um um if if you're if you know what audience you're in sorry if you know what business you're in if you know your audience then you can become very strategic if you don't know what business you're in and if you don't really know your audience then you have to become T you have to be tactical and so when I'm competing with like a lot of these dudes in the industry right like I can observe like based on their moves you know random new [ __ ] they're doing what type of ads they're launching um how they're switching their operating procedures like you know High ticket one week low ticket next week recurring next week you know whatever right and like I can see how they move from Trend to Trend and what they post I can see if they're tactical or strategic if they're tactical that tells me that they don't know their audience um and they don't know what business they're in and they're really easy to like they're not like there is just like there's no competition and like fortunately none of them know what the hell their business well most of them don't know outside of fast for like what business they're in or how to be strategic right and and that's really the big distinction um knowing the audience knowing what business you're in now if you know what business you're in then it becomes very easy to make money so for example that's where your competitive Advantage comes from so Amazon is not in the Ecom business they're in a logistics business right so they're in a logistics business and like because they have the best Logistics in the world just so what happens that they can sell [ __ ] through Ecom right and what's interesting is that the more businesses you get into the more money you make so for example like if you look at Google um you know Google when they went into the Android business um search business Google Docs business Data Center business all sorts of things the value of the company increased and then if you look at Apple the more businesses they went into the bigger they got right Warren Buffett is in a number of businesses Elon Musk is in a number of businesses so when it comes to Elon Musk for example people think he he's in the car business but he's not he's in the energy business so with him the play there is basically to create infrastructure through Solar City and so when all cars are electric then they got to all give them get money right for that he doesn't care about that yeah that's good what what are you in the business of Allan Man what am I in the business of I can't tell you that because there there people going to steal it from me the conflict of interest I remember you said it in a video or you said something in the video once but I won't say it here we we'll keep it to dark lord for them to understand oh yeah yeah yeah yes you know you know yeah yeah yeah yeah so most don't know what business they're in it's a real good thing because as soon as you realize what business you're in it becomes really easy to make a lot of money in the business right yeah and so so what's interesting is like you know Coca-Cola isn't in the drink business they're in a feeling good business so all their stuff is just feeling good and socializing and so is McDonald's right like the the children's play pen whatever like so it's like you know why do adults go to McDonald's well you know you got to kids drag kids there right well you got to get something to play well how do you create create a next generation of customers well if you're a [ __ ] kid and you went to McDonald's and you play you remember those memories you're going to go back to McDonald's when you're an adult to eat the burgers Etc right so McDonald's is really in the memory creation business The Experience business and what's interesting too with them their um past branding has started to attract negative you know unhealthy so they're rebranding the colors because colors and stuff tend to um yeah colors and smell tend to associate with the thing so if you go to McDonald's now it'll smell different and the colors are different very subtle the scent is the oldest uh thing to Tri trigger memories how does one figure out what kind of business they're in for all the process people here who are like now derailed oh my God where's the process Alan how do I use this in my headline come on dude well we have we have a big call in Angy plus if you're not watch that um it's like two three hour call there you go um the business you're in is never the business you think you're in it's it's never the thing right it's it's never the thing so so once you know what business you're in um so for example like active campaign isn't in the um you know email software business they're in a Communication business right and so their expansion will naturally lead to how do we communicate more with customers you know yeah yeah so for example a go high level isn't in the software business because their software is arguably not very attractive um no I'm serious I mean it's good software it's not ugly dude it's like those olds stop software yeah yeah it's it's it's it's it's it's not you know but but they're not in the business of software they're in a business of basically reselling software aren't they bizop they're like a business they're like in the business of bizop they're in a business of helping agencies make money right that's it so they're they're like an economic engine for agencies right so like if you're Russell or somebody you want to compete with them well make click make a version of clickfunnels that there's no support or anything to do that right now you got it you know give 100 so it's like that's the thing so they're in a business so you got to look at it so it's like if you you try to compete with them on the software side you won't win but the way you beat them is you compete on the other thing which is what business they're really in so you have to know what business they're in and and the good thing is most people have no idea what business they're in which makes them like super easy to beat yeah yeah that's good cool I got a few more if you want to chat then let's do it also guys if you have questions I'll I'll be looking I know you guys have dropped some I'll do my best to throw these in here um but again we will be sending you an invoice if you we answer your questions just be aware um but uh Ascension now there's a lot in Ascension um there's so many different ways so we're not g go super super deep here but a lot of people low ticket offers are a big thing um we have all these people running around talking about it all a sudden all the high ticket gurus are low ticket gurus and info product whatever it's a new hype and I feel like by the end of this year it's going to be even more popular again uh so what I've noticed what you told me though is that you know if you can't get the Ascension down the whole model breaks because the whole point like you say is Qui relationships make money over time all those principles you just talked about and so how do you look at Ascension where do you feel like people are going wrong with Ascension on their Load Ticket offers and what you're seeing um yeah what are some those problems that you're noticing people are running into and just aren't aware of yeah so so the the biggest [ __ ] up that a lot of these guys do um and most of them have no idea what the hell they're doing honestly like they're just literally figured out that like if I tell people that I know how to make money online I can be a business Expert right um and so you know and and the reason you know that is like if you take bizop off the resume there's nothing um so in low ticket what ends up happening is that once they buy something um they go back to lead status and so most people don't treat them as like a lead so like the way you treat a lead and a customer is very different and Lead require reques a lot more nurturing caring followup Etc so they go back to the lead status and then you know you at at that point you have to look at the consumption of your content right and so you know without consumption there's no conversions so you increase consumptions you increase conversions so when it comes to consumption you got to look at all the points like 7-Day fast starts upsells uh whatever and then the first thing to increasing this increasing uh Ascension is to get them to make more decisions right so historically speaking people that buy upsell one tend to be the bulk of the uh backend buyers and the reason bulk of they bulk of the backend buyers is because they're double deciding they're double decider so they decided twice they want the thing right not just once which basically like more intention so then the question becomes how do you generate more intention well that's uh money and time so you got to get them to decide on things now you don't have to get them to decide to spend money with you but they need to decide something so they need to upsell one decide to build a funnel decide to go get a click funnels account decide to sign up for go high level you just got to get them into making decisions and the more decisions they make they get into this decision momentum and I think like after like four or five decisions are made like they're basically autopilot ascended right so that's that's really a big one and there's a bunch of stuff I can't share uh here because out of respect for nhb plus um yeah yeah we don't want fast forward I want those guys to have massive Advantage but there's a whole bunch of things we do that that is so big like the one of the things that a lot of people don't realize and that I learned and you taught what is that thing on like your upsell buyers are kind of showing their hand on being the best backend buyers and so one thing I tell our clients with our AC funnels is the people who buy like your sales team they should prioritize the people who are buying the order bumps and the upsells they should go after those people right away get a connection with them get on the phone with them because they are making those decisions they're more automatic buyers like you talk about right and they obviously value their their time over money and they have more money than time usually so I think that alone if people focus on that is going to be huge with their load to get funnels right so like again it goes back to knowing how the audience works so you can be strategic so it's like there's you know there's there's automatic buyers uh frequency buyers time duration buyers so like automatic buyers buy everything up time buyers need like I need like I need to interact with you for 30 days before I trust you or feel safe with you then there's people that I need to see something with you seven times um there's people that are like you know I need other people to show me so knowing how to slice these people is important but in Ence you have to get them to consume right all consumptions come come come from time so you got to get them to spend time with you the more time they spend with you the more you can um you can Ascend them right but then you know Ascension is a tricky word because that means like to to spend more money um so when you have a relationship with them you can just map it out over a year and then just start communicating with them and and use a lot of pool marketing and stuff um instead of push marketing and ultimately you have to do it so it's their decision so you're not pushing them yeah but yeah that's that's basically it it's like it's interesting too because um yeah man I wish I could talk about the other stuff but I can't because it's gonna it's gonna I don't want everybody knowing it there's only so much we can even go dig into here but um with poll marketing you mentioned how like in your Facebook group like you have never I think maybe once years ago you mentioned you opening up the Mastermind like I think there's one time you promoted but it was like not even wasn't a promo cycle it wasn't like a Fed day oh doors are closing um and like you said you have 300 people now nothing El back plus 300 people inside of fast forward um how are you like pull Market how are you using it what's been your approach how did you do that and like the Facebook group too like bro you're not running ads to it you're not pulling a free group funnel with Setters and it's like TW I don't know 30 almost 30,000 people whatever 20,000 um how like what the heck yeah dude I I I built a biggest and best Mastermind industry without like I did something none of these guys could do and like they spent literally like four half 400,000 $500,000 on events and they couldn't come close to my numbers and like uh we get people I mean you're in there like three to five people joining every day yeah it's crazy nobody promos I'm like a rapper when it comes to marketing like you know like like I'll start beefs for real rapper like so good is like I don't mind throwing somebody off the building and jumping with them you know it's on principle and it's like if you talk [ __ ] I'm like uh you know I'm the biggest [ __ ] talker and I got the Sanitation Company of [ __ ] talking you know Waste Management how do marketing yeah I'll give you that the number one rule of Po marketing and uh this is from my book by the way still principles bro bro I I love watching your calls from like two years ago you're like yeah yeah I'm writing this book it's coming out in like two weeks but it's so man I know but I I'm very sequential in nature on the platform we'll talk about that I got this damn platform out so it's like I got to finish that so the but yeah but basically here number one marketing they have to ask you to buy they have to ask ask something of you you cannot ask anything of them you cannot sell how do you do that that's it like you got like how do you do that they have to ask of you you cannot you cannot do it and there's a there's a whole process to how the brain works um to doing that stuff yeah so that's kind of like huh status um I used to think that it was like the flashy like I think I was resist to become an expert at something because I thought I had to play the game I saw people playing with the flashy lifestyle and it just didn't lie with my morals I feel a lot of people can relate to that I mean I almost dabbled into it my 2002 Audi TT $3,000 exhaust leak sounded crazy you know I I did a little bit of the guru cold messaging spam just kidding who remembers the cold messing Kings I know West Briggs you remember but uh status this is something you've you've helped me with and and and taught me well on I think You' made some posts on it too and helping Freelancers with that but how do you get status how do you become better known online just in any industry any industry well it it just depends like you know you have to understand what status is so status is the hierarchical position in the mind right okay and so like one of the things with me is that you know when it came to building status um you have to look at how everybody else build status a lot of these guys are like you know car I'm rich watch I'm rich you know that type of [ __ ] right so like you know I don't brag about my [ __ ] even though I have more than most of them right maybe all of them but it's like um you know it's it's not a good way to build status because once you build that image of a guy that has that then you always have to have that you can't get off the treadmill and you always have to show up with that [ __ ] in your you know behind you right and if you don't show up oh he's gone broke right so for example like you'll have like you know Grant Cardone he can't fly commercial ever again you know what I mean it's it's not a good look like you can't you know he has to keep that you know you can't you can't catch them the airport it's like you catch them you know you catch him at the airport and it's like done you know it's over yeah and and and and so knowing how to build a status and a good foundation is really important because then the market will automatically uh backtrack you know backtrack that [ __ ] it won't work right so like you know we there's a post you know we did a huge call Market maturation cycles and I'm going to do a post in the group about that but like um um you know where the market is the only thing that really matters is skills right because at this point like people just saying [ __ ] they can do it doesn't really carry any weight so you have to be able to yeah to do it um and so like I told you before when you came to me you were like how can I how can you how can I build status and I just said you know just go do work and and build up trophies whatever charge a little for it if you have to in the beginning just build up your rep build a portfolio and then you'll have you and then when demand exceeds um when when you know consumption increase production you can raise your price and that's what you did so ends up happening it's like you know here's the thing in marketing it's like the you want to transcend so the the key to making a lot of money is you want to transcend having the problem so you no long want to have a marketing problem you want to have a fulfillment problem right so for me like I charge 5,000 an hour to do Consulting is because I have a fulfillment problem I don't have time you know and so with fast forward I'm raising the price because it's like I don't have time yeah and you want to drive that status through something that's durable and the only thing that really matters is um you know I I'll tell you right so uh one of the things I'm seeing in the world right now is like how consumers interact with value like how do they assess value right so for example like you know you go you go to the mall right and um like I I mentioned this like I was at the mall the other day and I went through there was this like here in Charlotte there's this like force like Louis Vuitton Gucci barberi and Tiffy right and I was like I'm going to go into Tiffany cuz I'm I'm curious I don't know what the hype is over this store right and I go what's what's the hype and like Jaws on the floor like how how dare anybody asks you know and they're like well our diamonds and our color and I'm like well I'm like it's just a [ __ ] color like what's up what's special about your diamonds they're like is this this this this I was like whatever walked out I went to the other store I'm like I'm looking at this stuff and what I'm realizing is like these stores are having a real hard time selling anything because the customers know what the real value is right they know what the deal is thanks to the transparency of the internet so going forward it'll be like you can say [ __ ] but it's like if you don't have the thing to uh back it up what ends up happening is um you know if you don't have some [ __ ] to back it up then um status isn't even there so you can only get away with it for so long right now you you can still build status with the private jets and all that stuff it'll work you just have to know that that's the game you're going to have to play Forever yeah that's kind of like the business they're almost getting into or a little bit like the at least in bizop like big people like flexing and Tate and stuff like that I feel I'll tell you a story right because I've been I've been around this [ __ ] forever there was a guy I'm not going to mention his I still I still have a l respect for him right and like so he he was a guru I'll say it no you don't you don't it's like 200 2004 2005 whatever 2006 great guy made millions of dollars like he was one of the biggest back in the day right and so he lived in Florida and he had this like mansion He was the first person in the industry to have a Lamborghini uh Diablo the big one you know the the monster U and he had picassos in his house and all this [ __ ] right but he was never into flexing right and then so he just got sick of it and he he got rid of everything went to travel um and when he did that like his ability to get the response out of the market diminished greatly and you know he just kind of like vanished and the reason was you know one he is super smart so he could have done it but two it's because the response hinged on that that thing that he had you don't want the response to hinge on the [ __ ] you have you want the response response to hinge on the things you can do you know and then we can you know so that that's that's a big one with um just looking at the like again kind of looking at future because I know a lot of people like oh the future and I see people in the comments are asking questions about like the pendulum swing like someone asked are we going to be back to automated webinars like 997 courses or like let's say like right now looking at the market like you said we see it's like high ticket they're not getting good at selling it so we have the recurring pendulum coming back we also have this low ticket oh low ticket Ascension value ladder Russell Brunton whatever that coming back okay we go through that let's say we go through that what what happens next what are you seeing I mean every time you predict something it's spoton and you say stuff like four years in advance so I'm curious what you could give us on that yeah so you got to look at you know again when it comes to competing economics you got to look at the change of everything not just like one thing right so like I said the surface level economics are the least important because you know business like what if you minimize what it costs you to make money then you can make a lot of money right so you got to know how that plays and so what earlier I mentioned the network effects right where it's like if you have the network effect and then in the network effect you basically go um if the network creates a lot of production consumption goes down right and then what happens is in the network people just do more right do more and then when more to people do more it just accelerates the demise of the reach of the network right and so this is happening right now in Facebook groups on YouTube everywhere there's a big demise and and and what's interesting too is like you'll notice content getting a lot more controversial right so for example you see like Russell Brand you know going out there just like stiring up controversy like all these guys just controversy the more controversy that you know they're grasping for for straws and air so to say and so what ends up happening is like you have that and then they're forced to basically go into paid ads and then they all show up in the paid ads layer and now in the paid ads layer you're competing with people selling in the organic layer and they're so it's like a four-way competition you're competing with guys up here and competing with guys down here right because what happens like let's say you're running a weight loss offer and you go on Thomas Del's YouTube channel and you're running ads on his channel right well if Thomas the low is selling whe protein and you're selling whe protein audience is most likely going to buy we protein for him because they trust him not because you showed up on it unless you need some big crazy hook then the claims go up right so you got the Eugene Schwarz sophistication levels come up right and so what happens in the in the people go to the paid layer so what happens then in the paid layer is who can make who can lose money who can scale in a negative and basically what that means is like how long can you run and spend money and endure not making money right so where I'm at is like a year like I can spend money for a year or two years we can lose whatever doesn't matter um but who can lose money so the future is going to be again who has the the timeline economics I thing looking at relationships you you're acquiring relationships and you re out of those relationships you're acquiring Revenue um the ratio of Revenue that you can get is one 10% of their annual income yeah recurring recurring you know 10% of annual income that's that and if you go over that you create anxiety and all sorts of regulatory problems right yeah um and it's going to be basally be like typically it'll start off like who goes you know right now it's like if people go negative a month like they're having heart attacks like [ __ ] just like you know stress you know that's true yeah wow yeah so in in in a year or two it's gonna be like man I'm so lucky I go negative in a month right that's GNA be where we're at and then it's gonna be like man I'm lucky I'm I'm going two two months man I'm lucky the claims the claims of the gurus are gonna be like how to lose your money make it three months yeah well no no that that that's what's happening so that's going to happen because again it's like there's finite amount of Impressions and so what most we're fighting for that finite amount of Impressions right and so basically who's going to be able to who's better at losing money now if you look at um if you look at Amazon if you look at Netflix if you look at everybody companies that are good at losing money more effective are losing money they make the most amount of money and so if you want to scale up there that's all you have to do but the thing is it's like you're not losing money if you know how to structure the economics correctly because that'll just come back so you're creating this self Finance econom models that work now here's the thing that [ __ ] does not work if you're working on a big idea because big idea cannot meet expectation collapses the model and I've had this argument with that supplement Bros and nothing held back two years ago and they're like well my customers come back and [ __ ] I'm like so why the [ __ ] do you have to sell 70 bottles in the upsell path if they come back why aren't you let them come back why do you have 17 bottles literally it's it's like 739 12 1530 it's like you're buying a like like like a pharmacy why and you know why because they don't [ __ ] come back they don't come back because they don't come back and so it's like anybody riding their [ __ ] is fine but that's that's what it's going to be right and so it's that that's how it works and so whoever can have that that um scaling in the negative is going to make a [ __ ] ton of money and then everybody else is going to watch and make a ton of money that's the future and that's that's mathematical reality this is not opinion this is like if you look at the ad cost and everything I'm saying you can you can break this down into math interesting it's like we went from who had the biggest claim or you know even there's a little bit of like who had the most testimonials who had the most status to now it's who can lose the most money and the person who can lose the most money in stay in business and sustain is going to be the person wins it's not who has the best sales process or best webinar or best it's just strictly economics in money over time well that comes back to cash conversion cycles and I'm going to do that call Thursday cuz I know I did it for fast forward like a year ago I forgot but I'm going to do it for nhb plus Thursday but like once you know how cash conversion Cycles work yeah and you can influence those things to get the money to come back so instead of losing money for like three months you can get it down to a month or two weeks whatever but yeah yeah so in essence what has to happen is that if you get x amount of customers you got to put that money back into the business so more customers come and then you kind of take a percentage or whatever right so is isn't that what a lot of like big I mean software companies or just like huge companies that raise money or Investments I mean that's they're scaling to NE they've gotten the economics down where they can take that investment yeah and they're like they know they're guessing and they're hoping so it's like those businesses are competing on that essentially and those are the companies that do hundreds of millions and crazy numbers that direct response doesn't even hit right absolutely I me I mean like the biggest company is um in our industry is Agora which did two billion at its peak now it's doing 600 million and like again this is what I heard I did not I if if the person that told me is uh told told me wrong that I'm wrong completely but the founders of Agora only took out 10% of the money a year wow right so you have to you have to go in a position where it's like you kind of like put yourself last like you know you know you are it's a living entity you're raising a child right and that's one of the reasons I'm telling you already go go do [ __ ] offers do it do it do it do it do it get in a position now because when that happens cuz what happens is like every single Market when the economics mature ends up at Legion right yeah meaning like when you figure out money over time and how to do those cash conversion cycles and all that fun stuff it it's Legion so mortgages Legion um health insurance Legion car car companies Legion and you have these sites pop up like cars.com AutoTrader um the Health Market they're all Legion so every Market goes into economic equilibrium where the companies figure out how the money is made and typically when they figure out that then you also have hard regulations and and hence you see the FDC being more active because marketers are finding ways to extract more money out of the audience and FTC has to regulate so you have regulations come and then you have Legion all the all the MLM companies are legion companies now and they're just Le I mean the lead genen is kind of just within them well selling more stuff to their customer so if every company yes so if every company ends up as lead gen then it would be smart to think of yourself well we should maybe think about operating like a legion company and looking at those economics right exactly ahead of like three years ahead and if you're doing it three years ahead you have three years of processes data um money over time all their [ __ ] built out and you become nobody can compete with you I was talking to somebody I was talking to somebody who worked at a marketing for MLM company big it's one of the makeup ones or whatever and in their marketing meetings they're not planning how to go get new customers like go out to the market and get new customers they're talking about how can we sell more stuff to our sellers or our existing customers that's like how they plan their internal promos how do we get money off the existing customers that made me think I was like well obviously that what they're doing is kind of scammy but it it's working there's a reason why they can stay in business is they're continuing to uh increase the LTV of their customer and so how like with that uh I mean you've kind of already talked about it um but do you would you be open to talking about this idea of a catalog model and the benefits of that I know you've mentioned it before uh and of your posts in nothing H back group so would you be willing to tease or just talk about the idea of a catalog model yeah so I did this call in Fast Forward uh first I or I don't know whatever I did both both it was like it was a while back it was like six to eight months right and so like like I I share like maybe 1% in publicly what I shared there so like the [ __ ] there is like massive compared but so basically like you have economic models right and so there's a recurring model there's a high ticket there's a low ticket media thinking they're a catalog model right and so I had a guy come to me in Fast Forward he who was a guitar Niche right so he bounced around from a bunch of masterminds and you know everybody was like book calls sell High ticket s High guar yeah it was the same literally it's like here I don't want him anymore you can keep him it's like one Guru is like I don't want this guy anymore you take him you fix his problem and the other guy's like well sell High ticket book a call it's like I don't want him you take him that's that's what's happening it's like I don't want this thing anymore I can't help him and so he comes to me he joins and he's like he's like he's like he's just hoping to God I don't say hi ticket and he's like I gotta I got to make this work it's it's a guitar offer right and um and so basically like I was like okay um let's do the catalog model right so anyway I look at this thing and I say give me the audience whatever da da da and then fast forward I come up with offers and do all this [ __ ] for people and so I I basically say take 12 months and then give me all the problems they have whatever so we map out the problems you know learning riffs strings guitars this this this this this this this this right and I said how long take you to make a product right so he's like okay I'll make take me like whatever x amount of time to make a product he creates the product in like um whatever like takes him like a few days to create the product right and so we launch it and then so he's we started building the catalog right and so the reason you know and then next thing you know um within three months like 75% of the profits who were making for a catalog model and So like um what happens in Fast Forward they'll come in I'll build them like a million dollar business whatever or more and then I don't hear from them they still stay they're still members but I don't hear from them right talk the guys who make the most money they're just like gone they don't show up to the calls they just thank you yeah they'll watch the replays and [ __ ] and and watch the summaries but like like one guy hit me up the other day and he's like you know hey man sorry been busy make 100K a month I'm like good like Alex this morning he's like he you know he's like been busy make half a million a month um you know like Chad whatever he does like two to three million a month so it's like massive numbers right and so so with the catalog model it's like um so I built that thing for him and uh he's still running it so I'm like do it every month right so did it and they did it a year and like literally he's just like has this [ __ ] guitar offer he runs on YouTube puts people in and then that breaks even mostly I think he gets like it's like he loses like 10% of the money on the front or whatever maybe like 20% not much but that's like by first week he's back and he's just making money and it's like he just built this engine where he does nothing and the thing just sells money through the catalog right it just sells the catalog so back in 2009 10 I had that site with 5,000 members and what I would do is I would just get somebody out of the group hey do you know SEO and [ __ ] yes boom let's do it we would launch it and we would do like 50 to 80 grand per launch right whatever it was like nice so I started building a catalog model with that and so I started I started teaching that in the group and then um I don't know if you guys have seen this offer um you know that like offer that like email template kit that guy yeah marketing kit it's like Xander yeah Xander sharp so he's an nhb plus and he basically like if you go to his thing and go to Pages you will literally every week you just refresh he has a new offer right so before like like six months ago he's like man it's like I don't know I don't like this cuz he couldn't sell High ticket right he didn't want to do high ticket so he's down in Australia has kids and he's like I really don't want to do coaching I really don't want to do high ticket but I I love this business and so he was stuck and so I thought the catalog model call and the thing is with the catalog model there's it you can't just go boom and like you know yeah jizz all over the [ __ ] funnels it's like you know you got to have like there's a specific process you know that you got to follow to make pod man come on just.com yeah so he followed it so if you go to his thing you literally hit refresh you will see new offer every week right he's just [ __ ] them out right doing quite well and of course he doesn't talk either because he makes too much money so y it's it's like um it's um that's it and so you basically map it out do it over and then what ends up happening is like let's say you have 15 months right so money over time you say 15 months and you get a thousand customers thousand customers thousand customers thousand customers which is like 33 customers a day it's not that hard to get right and you're just like [ __ ] it I'm not going to make I don't care about making money on these things but then what ends up happening over time you're extracting value value and money out of like people they're all contributing so you have let's say you like I said before so you have 300 and let's so you have 300 customers over 15 months right so you have 4,500 sales per month on average taking place and let's say you just have an aov of like say 100 bucks right that's $450,000 you see how that works because it's all kind of pointed back at that thing now you can take 450 Grand take half feed that catalog model do it now in the catalog model what's cool is the deeper they go into the catalog and the way you there specific way to set it up is that the more of them pop into Ascension into the high ticket into the recurring Etc and you can Criss-Cross it so we have guys doing this U manifestation Niche dating Niche um bizop a lot of bizop Yeah well yeah we're doing it uh one of our offers on our portfolio and like design market and yeah we've noticed that it speeds like the conversion from like you know frontend buyer to like the backend 5K offer the T it's a faster conversion cycle but they you see these customers on strip they'll buy one come they buy the next thing also they're on the phone they're like yeah I bought some your products and I want the high tick it's crazy the sales team loves those people it's like we don't have to set them we don't have a Setter um and so yeah it does work just Auto it's like the closest thing like automatic Ascension as I've seen or one of the ways to do it so and that that relates to your principle of like money over time it's just another way or a way to do that which I like yeah so like when you start everything we talked about so far like if you look at money over time you exclusion High ticket low ticket mid ticket catalog model you look at the fact that offers are nothing more than Transformations you look at the fact that there's like millions of content being created people are bored they have money it's like how is it hard to make [ __ ] offers it's like it's like it's it's just kind of like what exactly what like what is hard like what part is like like what what part is hard you know yeah no and again I think I think the biggest thing I've noticed that just people thinking are like dealing with the issue of like what to sell but we already talked about that you guys can watch the replay but like I also think too L people we come into this industry from a bizop guru like okay we learned copywriting and then we're like oh I want to do my own offer and everyone's like oh what do I do I'm gonna do a copy course or then they're like I'm gonna teach funnel and they just like keep replicating when there's like all these other Industries like guitar or something random and you know I love what you talk about publishing how you don't even need to you just publish what to do you don't even need to be the expert yeah we had like uh Daniel right like Daniel uh um he he's in a fast forward as well he's like 20 no Nota and he's like 20 22 and he's like I think he did like what is it two two or three million dollar and he just found some YouTuber with a list they partnered up and he doesn't talk either because he's making a [ __ ] T of money and like he he blew out stripe because he made too much money so he's he went and crushed it like so so here's another thing right so because of this thing I talked about with the network effect where the network uh these YouTubers now they have to produce a lot of content right they're really desperate for people to to to turn turn their [ __ ] into offers because it's like they're like well my income is going down I have to create more videos and at some point I'm getting tired of running this trial I want to turn into offers so a lot of the YouTubers now are desperate to turn their stuff into offers so a lot of guys in fast for HB plus are just publishing them and doing quite well um but yeah like like like copyrighting like selling copyrighting services is like offers is probably the toughest Niche because it's it's like this hyper small narrow Niche um and and I'll tell you something else like once most people go get out of the bizop niche and go into other things they don't come back to a bizop niche amen they don't they're just like [ __ ] yeah I don't have to deal with that [ __ ] it's great yeah yeah that's what that's what you're like you're telling me you're like okay you're in bizop you know you got it down but like take that and go other places and now we're in like this random niche of like design and like other clean or even like clean bizop like you've talked about it's like dude anything other than like like poop scooping like dude like anything that's not make money in line it's so much like the customers are so much better and I talk to guys like the guitar guys and they have this peaceful life and they're making people happy playing guitar they're not stressed strip's not Banning them yeah it's like guys there's a better side there's no FTC coming after them she can't make claims on guitar like what yeah yeah your Rifts are too strong your songs are too hard they they they make people happy it's like it's like to much you got too many girls um yeah no it's wonderful dude it's wonderful you can do anything the cool thing is like you can just take thoughts and wrap them up into into stuff and just it you know and just yeah just sell them and like why the hell wouldn't you do that like literally like you're sitting there like Words thoughts and look I've been doing this like 20 some years right and it's still I every day I'm like I can't believe strangers are giving me [ __ ] money it's like it's the craziest thing right like strangers just sending you money and it's like what the [ __ ] it's like it never gets old it's like I still P I'm like what the [ __ ] is this real like strangers just giving you money yeah you like think of thoughts like I love yeah the thing you talked about on like you switch it where you're like oh I need to go make money so I can go buy a house or you know you're like oh I need make money you're like no I just need to you know think up an offer just use my thoughts pay for the house yeah yeah exactly so like Mom built an offer about Mama house right um built an offer uh sold sold a company actually and one of them and then like did a full model on her house um built uh built an offer bought my sister a house built an offer bought a massive massive house um I was hanging out with a buddy yesterday um went dinner and he's like he's like man he's like I got to hire a I got to hire a um a nanny whatever so I can do more of this and I was like well how much is it he's like I don't know like 35 Grand a year whatever and I was like go build an offer have it paid for right so so he literally took the automatic clients thing he went to one of his other clients and I so sold it like so good 36 Grand just like like that you know how much like an average person like like average person has to work like yeah dude they have to go to school they have to compete they have to to make like a 100 Grand a year like so much work I think that's that's something that we can't like everyone in this industry we can't take for granted like we get put into this worthless State because these gurus like millions and they have they make more money and there's this copyri he even in like 40 a year working from home putting words on a Google doc you know without college degree it's like dude that's like I tell people young me I'm like you don't understand I had a student he's watching this he lives here he's doing like 3,000 months for his agency in high school and I'm like dude how much how much do your mom make how much do your friends make like not nothing even close to that like these average kid in college 1500 I'm like dude do not lose sight of how good this is like while it's there while it's there take it while it's there like you can't lose sight of that exactly yeah yeah it just it's crazy it's crazy it's a wonderful it's a wonderful business like it's amazing it's truly amazing and like you know you can travel the world you can work anywhere you don't have to answer anybody you don't need anybody's permission yeah yeah and the biggest thing is like you know a lot of these guys are like you know there's this intimidation Factor right where it's like these guys are like you know eight figure seven figure 15 million figures and people like I don't have to do that [ __ ] it's like look man it's like you take away bizop you take away High ticket and these guys are like there is they don't have a business so it's like if you take away those two models like bizop and high ticket 90% of the gurus are done right and I'm willing to debate this I'm willing to get on with any single Guru in this space like anybody can be like I see some of them liking this live stream yeah yeah I'll I'll be like let's let's let's go let's uh let me let me look into your business because the thing is like I know what questions to ask that most don't and I let let me let me dig under the hood right real quick and I can just pull it apart and be like here's you know so anybody can do it man it's not that hard does it require some learning and skills yes but you know that's fine it's nothing but it's there like it's we have it and like you're sharing it which is so great nothing going back and yeah I remember uh just back back the idea of like building something to pay for yeah whatever you need I like for my wedding like when you told me that I was like okay I got a wedding coming up and I was like wedding's 15K you know all of them I'm like all right let me build an offer let's go for who's paying for it who's paying for it right I was like yeah who wants to do my list and launch it or we're going on vacation going to Florida in the plane like oh we want a rental car we want a better one hot spot oh go to my email list little ticket offer boom all right cars paid for and now again I know NN has that situation I understand that we were starting up it's like guys so was I I me start at 14 you know Allan took how many years for you to make a couple cents two years D two two years to make a quarter two quarter two years to make a [ __ ] quarter dude don't sit here and be like well you had it easier like dude Allan two years make a a quarter couple cents I'm pretty smart too it took me two years to make a quarter you know that's a good bizop this unique yeah dude but you know I didn't have anybody to learn from so it's like I had to like literally figure out everything in my own like [ __ ] it was hard it's so easy now man I mean [ __ ] we used to have to like you know build build build Pages like build funnels like code [ __ ] upload [ __ ] to Amazon you want have a funny story like you know we had to upload [ __ ] to Amazon AWS right like and get JW players you had to kind of like your own wiy and Vimeo you had to build it right and then like when you had to get Merchant accounts you had to go like apply for credit it was like a mortgage application you know like five years of bank statements and [ __ ] like it was you know so now it's so easy and it's funny I remember like how we were doing launches right we're doing launches and um this one guy um Paul like he did a launch and had like a $300 uh upsell right $300 a month upsell and it was like [ __ ] converting at like 80% or something like it was a crazy right and like we were like we're like man this guy's a [ __ ] genius he's like a you know he's a he you know when you this when you upload [ __ ] on Amazon you have to go right click the the public can view he forgot to do that so the video wasn't playing so he literally had people going with a headline and an upgrade button there was nothing else so people just buying they what the hell they were upgrading yeah was like he was just like it was like the crazy as [ __ ] man and it's and and it's like um I don't know what the hell happened with that um but you know it was it was difficult man now it's so easy and it's like um yeah you know and it's like you know you know it's it's there's so many like Facebook has so many people working at it just so you can you know sell [ __ ] and YouTube and and all these things it's like it's like man yeah truly not want to make money that's the only way to do it doesn't matter you can't it's like you don't want to and that's fine if you don't want to yeah yeah or some people like you said some people don't want the responsibilities that come with you know certain ways of making money or maybe they want to have different responsibilities but I feel like people never get to that point of knowing because they just don't ask themselves what do you want what do you want to be responsible for uh in doing that like for me I didn't want to be resp responsible for being the guru or like the expert or being attached one process so I was like well okay let me just go do offers have my portfolio put them together publish them pay someone to create the products like there's all these other routes that you can take once you just figure out okay what do you want to be responsible for and then what do you need to you know Outsource delegate or eliminate yeah once it clicks uh once it click clicks um uh somebody said in the chat here am I the only one working on to prevent divorce save marriage offer for men empowered men it did like a million low ticket offer 2ome bucks it's yeah we have somebody in Fast Forward making like printing money with that and uh there was one that uh that was like yeah that market is is is really good so good recurring problems you your wife every month she's you guys want a recurring offer go to the marriage marriage Market yeah dude and so is isn't this like a great feeling like you know that's what I'm trying to tell people it's it's like you know build a skills and go do it it's like all you have to do is get the skill once you know the thing with being a freelancer is like you have to go get clients all the time with this you get the skill once and it's done you can do what hell you want if you want to get clients do clients nothing wrong with that but you have you want to have choice you know you want to have Choice like do you want to it's up to you to do this or this like it's funny because in Fast Forward I had somebody this morning and I'm like hey here's a you know $20,000 deal a month or something and the guy's like nah I'm going to do publishing I don't want that F [ __ ] it's actually Daniel NE like he turned it down he didn't want to he's like I don't want to do that [ __ ] it's let give it to somebody else like it's crazy but like like most Freelancers would be like man [ __ ] Grand month yeah that's you know I was talking to Brandon Brandon and Chad we were talking about this because we were like hey do you want this deal and they're like no we don't want it I'm like well someone needs it and we're nobody wants the deal anymore $20,000 deal and like we talked about like we were just grateful we're like wow like this is what a great opportunity like we weren't just be like oh look at us but yeah it's crazy how when you have choice and you can be like oh you have your own offers it's like we're throwing out deals like who needs them and you come into nothing back plus you're like here's a CMO gig 10,000 a month and people are like you know I like [ __ ] spoil tee to get someone to take 10,000 a month it's like insane dude yeah yeah but what's wonderful about offers is like you can use that money to buy time right so like you know let's say you're busy you can you can you know you can have an assistant you can buy you know time you can buy trips you can buy you do whatever the hell you want you know um it's it's great it's really great you're just having a choice and it Ates into everything like multiple niches um you know audiences markets everything it just translates everywhere and it's it's great it's it's really great thought you know what I think is funny and or another thought that helped me realize why like offers is good is like you have these guys who are paying like these guys will hire copywriters they hire Freelancers and they'll pay them like less money than they're making off the offer so it's like they know they're going to get a bigger Roi paying a cop like5 or $10,000 so in my mind I'm like okay if they're able to go hire someone to do it then I can too like I can go acquire someone else to do that so then it I don't even need the skills like a lot of the guys that these Freelancers are working with they don't have the skills like why do you think they're hiring copy like why do you think copers exist like if they could do it they could like if they needed skills even to make this offer game work or marketing skills or all that then they would have to hire so you know yeah I'll tell you a story right so so so way back when um around 20112 right like so I had like a ton of number ones on ClickBank right and um and uh I had at the time I had alltime record for Gravity it was like 2300 or something I think it got beaten it took like 15 years to beat it or something but like not 15 like 12 years to beat it but I had an alltime record for a long time and um at the time this guy came into the market and uh he came from Wall Street with a bag of money um and he got divorced and he just wanted to buy a bunch of offers and [ __ ] around with this cuz he was like cuz he was a Wall Street guy right and he was like when he saw this [ __ ] I was like what what what attracts you to what we do and he's like well there is no other economic model that has such a high return on investment for so little activity right H and so so a buddy of mine said the same thing with uh he he he lives in Puerto Rico and he had lunch with some hedge fund managers and he wanted to get out of the offer business do some [ __ ] I like no dude it's like there's no other economic model that has such a return right anyway so the Wall Street guy on ClickBank like he didn't know how to write an offer he did not to build an offer he didn't not to do [ __ ] right so he came to me and he's like I need an offer so I just gave him an offer cooked it up um and I I I cooked up the offer I came up with the hook the copy whatever and then uh then like I connected them with chrisad do chrisad do wrote the offer and then I came back and I had to like optimize and change some copy to make it work um the opening was uh opening was off um the opening was off um basically the opening was like the guy was at the beach and like the the the the ocean washed to the CD and the CD had the secrets I'm like that's unrealistic so I have to change it to the barbecue store he was like he was like what the [ __ ] like like this is some weird [ __ ] like CD in a bottle and so I had to change it I had to change it to um um the barbecue story I can talk about the bar you want a barbecue story yeah a barbecue story so so every bizop needs like a like a barbecue story so you know I went down to Texas and I was at this barbecue at my brother-in-law's house and you know one of the guys there had the secret we got to talk and he had a few beers he started spilling secrets and next thing you know I turned my phone I was like recording taking notes I went home and made all this money so that's a barbecue story right so I I changed Chris's copy to the to the barbecue story and like he went so this offer right so crazy story so I buil this offer um it was actually called um I believe Mobil money machines.com I came up with the name the hook the upsells everything gave it to them um you can look it up on if you go to YouTube you can look it up or archive.org yeah mobile money machines 65 65,000 customers I think and uh so I'm sitting there at Starbucks right here in Charlotte I used to go to Starbucks and work I'm sitting there at Starbucks and the [ __ ] person right down the thing like few tables over and I hear the the opening music and so the guy's watching the vssl that we cooked up the offer I'm sitting there watching I'm like and I'm like I'm like and I'm watching this [ __ ] thing yeah yeah and like the guy grabs his [ __ ] wallet pulls out that credit card and bought the [ __ ] thing and he's buying up I'm like this is [ __ ] crazy like this stranger is buying Jay [ __ ] and uh yeah it was it was the craziest [ __ ] dude I've never forget that that was the moment I was like [ __ ] I'm like this this is this is big right and um that's when I I'm like the whole world wants to do this and then sure enough now it's like every [ __ ] YouTuber is like you know you know teaching how to do this [ __ ] but yeah yeah yeah it it was it was the most surreal thing man and um um you know yeah it's great so so the the Wall Street Guy back to the point of the story is that he didn't know how to build offers do anything he just knew how to put people together and so that's at that point I had an epiphany that like the people that make the most money are in the assembly business not the creation business because creative creative creativity is limited right assembly business they're assembling so for example you know iPhone doesn't make you know they don't make the camera they don't make the like I think like uh somebody makes a screen somebody makes a camera somebody makes a case somebody makes a they're assembling right they're just marketing it so once you start thinking about being in the assembly business then it's like you could do quite well you know yeah yeah that's something that really when you taught me that and it was an automatic client you talked about that um and it helped me like detach from all the resistance I had of trying to be amazing at everything and I I was like no I don't need to be amazing at the whole process and I just need to focus on like my strengths or the wealth Dynamics you talk about the wealth Dynamics test really shows you like how you can operate well within you know your personalities and that's also huge if people haven't done that yet because then you can just see like Oh I'm a Creator I should you know I probably shouldn't be in this business model or in publishing I should do this or offers I shouldn't be responsible for that yeah that that that before that test man it was tough I mean everything yeah everything was I worked so much dude like I was working 18 hours so what was yours and then what were you doing that clash with your so I'm a Creator mechanic star uh and basically like I need to I need I need some variety somewhere right I need I need something to [ __ ] with um and so like um um you know I [ __ ] with and uh and basically like um um so what happened was I was um you know doing a lot of the stuff like like mechanic stuff you know like a lot of mechanic stuff and then once I did that I just realigned and then I was like oh this is great like you know it it was like a big changer big game changer for in terms of um um output and like how much less I worked and how much more I gotten Etc yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah all right I got I gotta get some water and then let's take some questions and call it a day sweet easy go ahead I'll be go questions below um hey go ahead and drop a fat one little Guru thing here drop a one if this is valuable on the calendar guys we only have this set for an hour and we are approaching uh almost two and a half hours with Allan now this is something that we experience in Fast Forward twice a week I think there's over 60 plus calls now uh almost three three hours plus uh I've gone through all of them almost almost all of them three times uh going through my third time right now and so just having this out here I think there's only three other interviews online right now for free with Allen and so yes we will have the recording uh available afterwards but uh yeah if you aren't in the nothing El back group make sure you're in there show love again this took two years to convince alen to come on here he's busy with a lot of other stuff uh he's busy with the platform which we can ask him about here once he comes back and so yeah just an honor to have him here and uh yeah this is good Eric says bro please stop I have crap I got to do bro I do too I have offers we're we're building on another offer on catalog and but this stuff is too good we can get to the copyrighting later guys yeah questions below guys questions below Allan is back um where's Josh's affiliate link for the new nhb Pro membership get one soon I wonder we're still dealing with paperwork for that it's like there's this like Bank we have to open like like we have to do this like Bank go through this like International University more careful um Okay so see R Romeo Romeo Romeo says if you had a high ticket call funnel businesses and you wanted to pitch adding a front end and did not want to pay for the marketing publishing style how would you structure the deal so I'm assuming he's saying he currently has a book called funnel client he wants to pitch them on doing their front-end offer how would you like pitch it I mean I would just run the math right kind of show them the economics what would you say yeah so with um when we buil that offer for uh James Blackwell we built that offer um and it's doing about6 to $800,000 a month now with with 55% profit margin so if you want to see it just look up Auto recruitment agency it's like three products too it's a front end there's a bump ot1 book a call and it's super simple like but it works yeah so him him uh he was at when when he came to us he was at like $400 per call roughly and after that I think he's at like 20 to 40 bucks a or some [ __ ] like that and so his numbers went down quite a bit so basically you know I would just position it as like you know we're filtering customers and clients um properly to you so that way we're not wasting money Etc so um Scott Phillips hit me up uh the other day he he's also he he took the yeah he took the automatic clients thing and like he for every hundred grand he spends he'll make $400,000 and it's funny because like he was like I shared that and some guy in in NB group was like well that's not that much money I'm like what the [ __ ] are you talking about it's like how where else can you spend 100 Grand and make 400 it's like what what he's like compared to what like five years ago when nobody was doing webinars it was like ridiculous but yeah it's like like what the [ __ ] Scott's ads are hilarious he sent them over gu crazy um okay Kelvin says can direct response businesses be used as a k Kickstart business and then transition to branding to optimize longevity yes there's math to that actually as well so basically what I found working on offers that sold like a million plus books and products um like not a million dollars like million customers um is that you roughly can get about 1% of the market into a d so d a direct response offer can convert about 1% of the market um in total right so if there are 100 like if there's a million 100 million people in the market you get a million customers and what happens when you cross over that 1% rate threshold uh when you cross over that 1% threshold it gets your numbers just start to [ __ ] up because because what happens is if you because most direct response offers focus on um inclu exclusion versus inclusion then you have um you hit these like you hit more people saying no and once a person says no getting them to maybe to a yes becomes exponentially more difficult right um so yeah so basically as you're I have actually a post in that if you go to the nhb group search for the one % Theory and you'll see it but what ends up happening is like as as you extrapolate that math you literally have that much runway to turn into a brand and yeah you should absolutely should do it yeah yeah I remember Alan you told me I came to you and I was like oh I'm doing like info offers and I was thinking about just callic quits or whatever and you were like no I was just like milk it do it and then take that money pay off the car pay off the house and then take that money and go do something else and I was like oh yeah true I I can always I have Choice like you can always just go back or roll it into stuff so um the answer is yes now will said who helped SL inspired you the most [Music] um how to get rich yeah 50 times I remember you shared that before and I was in the gym working out and I just listening I was like oh shoot this thing the big thing you talked about like ownership like how people make like get rich they have like ownership they aren't like doing percentage so that was made me think of even client work I'm like oh wait I don't own this yeah so I did a lot of I did a lot of Partners in my journey um and the challenge of working with Partners is like you can get half the sales and keep the same amount of money and have full autonomy so then it kind again becomes a questionable do you need them and a lot of people tends to kind of like lean into others like I need a part like no yeah when the money when there's no money like you say everything's good but then when money starts coming in they're like oh that that 20% would be kind of nice yeah yeah I do believe in profit sharing and all that but you know autonomy is important um this is a super broad question Carlos says how do you build a men's dating off for that scale on Facebook all right Allan build give me an offer build me an offer right now I built a bunch of men's datings offers actually I think about eight or so in N um basically that the the thing is with the dating offer you really have to figure out what segment of the market to go after and then what segment of the market has money right so a lot of people will be like young dudes teaching young dudes to get tricks right but it's like the problem with anybody under 28 tough market so I don't to up Market or sell to anybody under 28 just because economically they're not feasible um and so the best Market would be um men like 45 plus yeah that got divorced had to get back in the dating pool that's kind of the best sweet spot as far as um the dating so really knowing who you who you target is key um Christopher here I think your this answer it's pretty probably pretty good bias but besides nhp free groups what other networks and communities do you like or good to find friends uh potential business deals just a good other networks in this industry do you hang out in in other communities no not really I used I used to um I used to go to like I I'll I'll recommend adtech and affiliate Summit they're pretty good um because do you have a lot of people are actually doing [ __ ] so you'll meet some real killers there um a lot of these marketing events like you know the guru circle is just like same people going on stage talking about the same old [ __ ] and the same people in the audience listening to the same old [ __ ] like literally it's like the same thing it's it's like this little traveling circus you know you know and so like you show up there and it's like you know and it's all and it's like you know now it's like AI thing and now they're all on stage yapping about [ __ ] Ai and it's like you know they all know how much can you know about this AI it's been out like three months you know whatever right so yeah it's true though it's the same old [ __ ] people talking about same old [ __ ] it's like a traveling circuit so it's like I wouldn't recommend that um because yeah you know there's no growth there but like if you go to affiliate Summit you'll meet like when I was at um affiliate Summit West ASW um last time like we went to this party and like uh few of us were hanging out with some like Chinese media buyers and me to Lally use like Google translate and like these guys were like you know moving like you know tens of millions of dollars a month in traffic on Facebook there absolute machines monsters and like you meet guys like I have an offer here's the numbers they'll run it test it and blow it up so affiliate Summit attech AT bars is extremely good marketing events if you want clients for marketing [ __ ] they're fine whatever beyond that I wouldn't do it uh one thing we're doing with the nhb platform is we have this module um where you can actually host your own meetups and we don't make any money on it of course it's completely free um so you'll be able to host your own little meetups build your own groups and the the Only Rule is don't pitch now if you do deals behind the scenes I don't care make a million dollars but just don't pitch and you'll be able to do it um yeah but really really that that the I'll tell you that the challenge of building Social Circles in this game is every Social Circle that you're invited to it's kind of like I'll be your friend as long as you give me money and so that's kind of ruins that authenticity right yeah and that's I try to stay away from that like uh transactional nature yeah yeah you're very relational I've noticed that just even in Fast Forward well when you can make money in other areas you know you you don't have to be transactional that's a biggest thing yeah uh Kelvin says I'm doing a music offer currently I'm building an AI software that creates Melodies based off how you compose uh compose you said AI is receding will the software be an inherent disadvantage because everyone else sees AI everywhere or is it just based on the outcome it gets them um it's receding in bizop because it's been it's been bizop and like basically like they're all building something okay I'll give you an example right so um Samuel Woods right which which I have a lot of respect for he's fantastic at AI [ __ ] right so he was the he was into AI before it became a thing right like he was really passionate about it right yeah and um you know he did a lot of these prompts whatever they were like way before and then a lot of people stole his [ __ ] right and so it's like he doesn't as much as I like the guy he doesn't have the he he built something that everybody has access to right and when you build something everybody has access to it's like they're just gonna they're at some point they're just GNA be like well [ __ ] it I'm doing mine I don't care what you think right so you have these like mechanics who just who'll just copy right who'll just copy I mean you had an offer the guy stole the other day right verbatim so so so they'll copy and so AI will be good it's not going away it'll get better but however it'll just be part of the equation instead of the whole thing right that it'll just become a tool yeah and yeah and if you if you bundle it into money over time principles and everything you'll be fine yeah especially music we did one if you want to look at piano for producers guys.com I did their low ticket offer in 2018 and they like did they're still doing millions they have investors now and I was telling them like they should do some sort of AI tool because they're just giving the midi packs but now people want to you can have ai to do it all for them so yeah that'll probably do well um books Allan favorite books or do you have something else to say on the AI uh with there was this offer called here andplay dcom I think Jeremy Griggs um he's he's he's a great marketer you should you should go join his site like uh he andplay tocom and he has like a a music business did about $20 million a year about eight years ago so I think it's still doing really well so here and play.com and he runs a catalog model too there you go yeah sweet their books yeah what books do you read uh I like a lot of biographies honestly um like Ted Turner U Felix Denis like Dragons Den um Duncan bentin anyone can do it um James KH um all those Dragons Den guys in the UK Japan Australia America real good biographies uh because you learn like a lot of the lessons and Rich Branson's biography is real good um you want to you want to look at how these people see the world right because my philosophy is that humans aren't really that different right so it's like you have you know I have an IQ of about 144 right but I don't have an IQ of 200 and so like we're all kind of like there at the same time and so what what if if that's not the difference if height is not the difference if luks isn't the difference then why is it that somebody like musk can go from here you know from being like at the time right when when musk was doing a Bill Gates was worth like whatever 100 200 billion how is what how does he see the world that allows them to Leap Frog everybody right so it's a different world viw so when you're reading biographies like you really get this concept you get you get to look at the world like Ross perau is phenomenal like look at the world through a different world view of these guys and how they did it right and then that that becomes like a huge Advantage um in terms of studying the big challenge with books or learning from people is that you're learning basically from derivative experts and I've said this before right so in our industry like I have tremendous respect for you know Gary Halbert Dan Kennedy Jay Abraham those guys the ogs I always give him love and credit no matter what right and I have a lot of respect for Brunson too because he did a lot of good and Sam ovens and even Hermos he does a lot of good you know yeah and uh I'm you know I'm I'm never against the person I'm just against an idea and and a lot of ideas come and go and their time's expired but people keep holding on to so people are great right like a lot of copyrighting gurus who I squabble with I think they're fantastic human beings I think they're amazing uh and whatever right it's it's not it's not a thing it's just an idea that I I I kind of compete let ideas compete let the best idea win and so um what happens is with ideas it's like you have you know Halbert and you have Kennedy and you have Abraham and you have all these guys and and you know and then you have guys who like you know learn from hbert like John Carlton John Carlton's amazing as well but then you have guys who learn from Carlton then you have who learn from that guy that guy then you're getting this like fifth carbon copy of a person teaching something right and it's like they're teaching something that's like you know you know that you you know kids that was that like telephone like you tell them something and then the thing comes around and it's different yeah you get that right and so a lot of people that so you got to really be careful who you learn from because um if you're learning from D derivative experts you're getting like diluted stuff that that's kind of like out of context and stuff um versus super teex so you want to go to the source like so you always want to go to the source that's why I teach principles and philosophy and stay to the source and uh I don't really read marketing books or study marketing books cuz most of them are exactly like um like you know now Peter Ducker is good said Goden is is a fantastic phenomenal thinker um you know um Al ree I think in Jack Trot on positioning is really good but but be cognizant of derivative versus uh like so for example like a lot of people you know uh talk talk a lot about with what's his name Robert Green you know power and stuff like that I'm like well this person never had power he observed it so if You observe something you don't know how something works I can observe cars all day or animals I don't know how they work you know what I mean yeah so it's like it's like it's it's to be cautiously learn with caution I would say no that lens you know obser it's it's an observation it's not a thing yeah that's good couple more here before we go um soone ask working in a marriage saving offer for men and thought of building an AC funnel for it and running ads but got inputs from people that it's hard to crack for men because they're self-independent nature any thoughts bro who are you talking to what Guru are you and see that's exactly what I'm talking about with this [ __ ] advice like like what is this what are you in bro no no no like there's a guy started this offer and fast forward like two weeks ago and it's like three 4X Ros at the gate automatic lines it's great no um men will buy it absolutely you just have to do the messaging correct um Easy Market um yeah that was so stupid I didn't even like that like like my brain just deleted it what was it again like it someone said that it's hard for to do a marriage saving offer for men because of their self-independent nature no that's the dumbest [ __ ] ever because it's it's it's like men are you know like no no because most men will like when they get divorced they lose half their [ __ ] so selling High ticket to those guys super easy because it's like spend 10 grand or spend like lose everything so it's like yeah easy easy easy easy to sell High ticket and then the frontend is easy yeah it's like one of the easiest markets ever I just shared in the chat guys an offer I did this one was like this was covid time um but I was a low ticket offer and it was men markets like closing the back end and I was talking to the guy do ads and I he said it has done over a million plus just in that first year so just look at that um but yeah it's very very doable and there's more swipes you can ask people Nothing he'll backend nature sense that is just Dum don't listen whoever that person is don't listen to that anymore yeah just just run bro just run from that person that is that is just unfounded advice like it makes no logical sense that's like a that's some like some 1970s [ __ ] all right anyway what what else we got Jordan says based on the recent post what stage does Allen C bizop Market in right now and how can we cut through fast and easy yeah yeah because claims it was all like okay but that one thing I was wondering with bizop is fast like I think people attach fast and easy to like the claims like the claims obviously are an issue so I guess is that where you would just like just let them come up throwing claims in their mind and just yeah yeah okay yeah you focus heavy on the mechanism and then the mechanism will show you how fast you can do it right based on extrapolation and then um easy the mechanism will also do that because the reason being is like everywhere you go it's like seven figures eight figures nine figures 10 Figures it's like okay you know it's like come on you know it's like it's like we don't believe you anymore guys some of the best bizop offers I've seen are just saying like a 100 a day or 300 a week or like super basic like very low very low because Biz up of all time um basically said makes like 75 bucks an hour or some [ __ ] that's it and that's like feel that's crazy cuz they're getting like 20 right now so it's like it's it's attainable there's attainability versus possibility yeah yeah absolutely all right what other questions do we have um what do you think about an offer helping people take advantage of government subsidize and policies get rents Etc so food stamps I know what those are I grew up on those what me too me too bro I had them too no no shame of that um yeah dud no not all I call we call it the EBT Club me and my friends and we make fun of people who weren't in it yeah yeah I had it too um um I forgot dude yeah for real um yeah so I would be cautious in selling to that market the main reason being is um with the principle of um you know you're acquiring a relationship and revenue if they don't have any money to begin with then like you know you'd have to do a lot of work to change their nature and personality to allow them to to get that money so it would be good shortterm but bad long term so I would avoid it there's a million things you can sell don't go for like you know something exotic and difficult you know yeah somebody asked um as a supporter what should they aim like what responsibility should they have in like becoming an offer owner or like other roles that supporters playing well for like marketing or freelancing yeah I would use um I would use uh I would find an honest mechanic like an honest mechanic um so mechanics tend to be more um un task and transactional in nature but there's honest mechanic so find someone that's an honest mechanic and then like support them or a Creator right to do what they need to do um and there's a ton of them out there yeah that's what I yeah that's funny cool um let me see I never want to make okay I think someone asked about sub somebody said uh how's how Allen uses subliminal messaging and marketing and someone said he's doing it on this call yeah I am I can't help I'm always doing it you'll you'll do something I love when you like talk and you'll just it'll happen so naturally but once since you taught us it and like Fast Forward see it I'm like okay he's imposing do this yeah I'm like gosh darn it you can always go back you have Choice like guys y are um but it's good awesome all right uh well Allan I appreciate you jumping on this really means a lot there's only three other interviews out there and it's people are always fighting to get more information from you uh and so for the people who maybe can't join nothing held back this is going to be very beneficial to them I hope it can help them afford it so that they can be there um and yeah I just really appreciate you taking the time and really wanting everyone to win in this industry uh it's very obvious that you're not a charlatan wink wink and that live in Charlotte North Carolina guess your new P name I live in Charlotte North Carolina right that's that's that's the funniest part about it yeah ex that's crazy but yeah so I appreciate you jumping on thank you for wanting to see everyone win uh and giving your time today really I know you already you have three hours of fast feedback to go do later so smash the gym but thank you D I appreciate you we'll do this again I enjoy it yeah it's fun hey guys um if you're make sure to show us Allen love in the comments below I'll drop the dock uh for nothing H back so many people you guys are asking don't worry we'll send it uh and this recording will sell it for $1,000 U but anyways I'll talk to you guys soon have a good rest of your day PE out guys bye


╔══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╗
║  FONTE: Exposing How Nick Fisher Did $100M Publishing Info Products [Mv7TYOXEAB0].en.txt
║  VÍDEO: Exposing How Nick Fisher Did $100M Publishing Info Products [Mv7Tyoxeab0].En
║  ADICIONADO EM: 04/08/2026
╚══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╝

All righty, guys. Welcome back to another episode where we sit down with true operators, not gurus, people who are actually behind the scenes building up the gurus that you know and look up to. And today, we're sitting here with Nick Fischer, uh, who I believe is going to take over the internet marketing space these next six months. I post on X and it's not to glaze or just hype him up because he's live here. I actually believe it and I've heard his name for years. He didn't have much content, so I never could find out too much about him. Uh but finally he had that that he wanted to scratch the itch of going public and so uh today he's here live. Just a little bit about him if you don't know uh has generated over a hundred million across the board for all the brands on his portfolio. Uh you may know Pace Morby from Sub2 Empire, Astro Flipping, Jamil. He als I also found out he's behind uh one of Russell Brunson's offers which has been running which we'll talk about a little bit later. Uh and many more. And obviously I mean you know uh marketing director for consulting.com back to Sam Ovens just legendary uh mark in the industry. So you guys are about to listen and learn from uh the goat one of the goats and uh going to be forever and as long as we're in the space. So enough hyping up. Uh Nick you they're you're going to impress them with what you're going to share today. So I appreciate you being here. Excited to go through this. Thank you. D looking forward to getting to know you better too. It's It's cool what even just a few weeks of content and me reemerging has done and I look forward to just continuing to learn from you, man, as you continue to do this. It's been fun. All right. Um, so you have a 50% hit rate, meaning from offers you taken from zero to live. Obviously, you're behind the scenes, more of an operator behind the gurus. You have 50% hit rate. So 15 did really well. It sounds like 15 of them didn't. Why didn't the 15 that failed go well? What happened if you could sum it up? If I could sum it up, it would be uh business it here. Here here are the three main reasons, let's call it. It's usually lumped under what I would consider business partner issues because either it's not making enough money for me, it's not making enough money for them or there's value vision misalignment um of where how what are our ambitions and where do we want to take this product. So it's almost never rorowaz or like the business fundamentals. I think maybe of those let's call it 15. I think it's slightly more. I've probably failed somewhere between 15 and 20 times since in the last six years on this stuff. Uh offer launches. Um almost never, like I said, two times has it just been like rorowaz sub one, let's call it, because I launch with paid ads, so that's usually my barometer. Yep. Um the the other stuff gets in the it gets in the way so much of just like there's the initial commitment phase of like, cool, I'm going to put this much time in the business. I was asked the question, is this going to be at least your first or second priority? Because I can deal with first or second. I can't really deal with third um or fourth. I found out I thought maybe I could. It's like cool, they're doing, you know, this this they're hopefully they're doing like my my dream situation is it's their second priority and doing the thing that we teach is their first priority. If I look back at all of our most successful brands for that is the common theme. So true. I want this to be something where they give 20 to 40 hours a week towards and I can give like a full 40 to 60, right? Plus the team and everything we else everything that we do. That is a dream scenario. And then you have a case in like pace where he is so integrated in the two where he's putting in 60 to 80 hours a week on both at the same time and we're thinking about how they mesh together. When I look at every other business that failed or even the ones that like semi- succeeded, uh the lack of focus is the number one thing and usually I define lack of focus as third priority or lower. Yeah, that that I I would agree with you on that. Anytime deals when you said that like it's third or four priorities harder, it's so true. Whenever it's like three, four, it's just the energy is not in the project. The love's not in it. Um, but for people to have context, I know a lot of people kind of know what you do, but uh you're more of the operator behind the scenes. You go to experts and you will own their whole info product business. So, you're not just, it doesn't sound like you're just a growth operator. It's like this is your business that, right, and they're just the face. Talk about that deal structure uh and what that looks like. So, some people watch this might even be interested. You know, maybe they're going to be the next person that you you blow up as well. And then we'll dive deeper into more of what you're doing for those people. Yeah, that'd be sick. Like I said, I'm looking for people that maybe we have a chance to work with in the future or just people who want to learn this type of stuff. I would I I guess now selfidentify as a growth operator. I never called it that when I started because the term's emergent. I feel like people like Eddie uh Coverbatch and others have like blown it up as an opportunity. It's a lot of hard work. If you guys are listening to this and try launching someone, it's not that easy of an opportunity. It can be very lucrative, but it's definitely not easy. Um, and it's not even really simple because there's no repeatable process with this. Like, you run into a different issue. I swear almost every single time. When it works, it's really nice. It's really great. You get a business partner and you get a friend for life, like I feel like when I when I got Pace and Russell and a lot of these other great people who But in a lot of cases, it's just like it could be 12 months of headache with you trying to figure out, cool, are we are we aligned? Are we doing this? Are we getting this? And usually I I tell people I have the horistic um this one's super simple. If I had to boil it down to this is when you meet someone and you want to quote unquote growth operate for them and we do everything else like soup to nuts. I just ask that someone be the expert when they show up. We have a team of about roughly a hundred people inhouse here and then another 100 remote um where I'm at here in Arizona. So we have all the infrastructure um in order to get someone from zero to like let's call it one or zero to 100 really fast. Yeah. However, um it needs to be equally yolked. And I say like if I wouldn't if I wouldn't want to pick up the phone at 9:00 p.m. or 10 p.m. at night and take a call from this person, then it's not the right fit. Like that if the person gives me too much anxiety and that's like and that's and that's subjective to you, but I if you're not going to do that, then you're not probably not built to to partner. U and a lot of people, myself included, skipped to partnering too fast. Like got married too fast in a lot of these relationships. Uh, and that might be what I'm trying to say beyond like the vision alignment, beyond like, are we going to put time commitment in? It's that question of like, do I actually want to spend time with this person? Having a co-founder is a lot like having another girlfriend or boyfriend. Uh, and if you do this model, you end up with like 10 side chicks, right? Or something like that. So, uh, it's like, bro. Yeah. I'm always like, would I travel like would I fly out with my wife and go on vacation with this person and their spouse? Like, would we all like is it that kind of relationship? Like, could we go on a vacation together and not Yeah. heads off. Yeah. So, it's a great horistic. Yeah. You get in too deep with these people. So, you you want to make sure it's good. That's great. Okay. So, when you're starting with these uh these partners, what financial model are you usually starting with? Are you going launching to they're organic first? Are you going to paid first? I know I I know in the interview with Ryan, you talked a little about the funnels you like to start with. So, if anyone hasn't seen that, I'll link it below. You I know you shared your screen, talk about that, but just again, what are you starting with financial model wise? And we'll talk about how you kind of come up with the offers as well next. Uh but yeah, I'm curious on that because I don't think financial model. Yeah, like anyone out there who's trying to figure it out, I would very much encourage you to find your standardization in the model. So think about for me it's midtick. Like I understand the call funnel and once upon a time me and Sam Ovens used to teach this at consulting.com. So midtick call close funnel at a price point of between $3 and $12,000. That's what I'm aiming to do with anyone I partner with first. Now, if they want to get to a book funnel or they want to get to a super high ticket mastermind or they want to get to like a low ticket trip wire or whateverish kind of thing, we can do that on P2 or P3. But I always start mid ticket and then build up or I build down, right? A down like a essentially a descension or an ascension um from mid. Why? Um, mid ticket allows me personally um to practice my deep expertise and I generally believe that um most growth leaders are going to model model market fit their expertise which means I see painful problem in the target market. I'm going to find the right product to sell with my model of expertise. Now there's people who do it with channel and they say cool what's a problem in the market I'm going to match my channel expertise and then I'm going to be variable on the model. that to me just subjectively uh has a less of a hit rate than you trying to find model expertise and locking that in as a constant and then figuring out the traffic whether it's YouTube or Facebook ads or organic or Tik Tok or whatever it's going to be. Right? So, uh you can do it a lot of different ways and yeah, if you caught the Ryan one, I was like the one that screwed me up the most though is when I just made everything a variable and I was like cool, different niche, different market, different channel. Yeah. Like that's just dumb. I would obviously I think everyone would know that's dumb. But if you have a few hits and you get a few like you get the right person in your life and you're like, "Bro, we're gonna make millions together." All of a sudden logic goes out of a window and you're just like, "Cool, we'll launch on freaking uh Zenga in MySpace and then we're going to back into, you know, a 150k mastermind, which I've never seen work. And we're going to sell it to baby boomers." Um, and we're gonna like it's be a subscription like newsletter and we've never done it. Oh yeah, that would just be it'd be the worst. That's um I learned that lesson. Luckily, it went okay for me. But when I launched because I published Mark Lack and for that we knew the best channel for the I didn't know that the personal brand course you launched Mark's uh personal brand. No. No. So one after that. So we actually took we launched a new one under his face his name cuz shorten the gap that one uh it's just wasn't realized like once he exited the company now Mark was out of that and so I came to Mark I was like yo Mark let's do this next offer and so that's where we're teaching the copywriters and agency owners how to go into more of uh publishing as well. So we're not zero to one because you can't teach girl you can't teach girl operating a newbie. I don't know like if someone's doing as a bisop that's so dumb like you're just setting up for failure. I will argue that all day long. Less than 1% success rate probably. Yeah. But what we found is when we're teaching the copyriters who already have the skill agents, it's it's an easier transition over on the content. Yeah. We let the copywriters lead our go to market efforts now. Um we don't we don't just you don't throw someone to the wolves and say, "Hey, you can lead a product launch that you've never done before without copy or persuasion." It's of course. Exactly. So anyways, uh we were doing we knew a webinar would be great to sell what we want to do, what we want to build. I never done webinars and so it set me back like I took months just studying webinars, Jason Fladlin, texting it like just dialing in and we made it work but it took forever and I was like dude I'm for our next deal like I'm sticking to what I know best which is just low ticket to CallFunnel. That's it. I look at all the things that work well. And so I tell people it's like what have you crushed at and like whether it's for a client, whether it's just yourself, just repeat that because you're gonna have confidence, too. Because think when you're writing for like I was writing for a webinar, I'm writing copy. In my back of my head, it's like I don't know if this is going to work. I've never done this before. But if I'm doing a low ticket to a call funnel, I'm like, wait, it worked before. It might work this time. Like there's more confidence in it. So I like that you say pick one thing um and just whatever you're confident with and just repeat it over and over again. So, dude, you have to Yeah, you have to have that constant. Do I agree so much? It's funny you ran into that same issue and problem, bro. Yeah. And it's like, and then I'm looking at uh I mean, there's challenges. I Oh, challenges. People start talking about challenges and I'm like, oh. And I'm like, nope. Like, staying away. Staying away. It happens at masterminds all the time. It's like if you go to masterminds and people start talking about funnel models that are working, it gets really really hard for you not want to copycat. Yeah. If but if here's the thing this you could dark lord this. Not saying anyone should do this but if you're someone who builds funnels for people and you want to get a mastermind to all hire you just go in and be flexing one case study of a new funnel model what can you out for me? Yeah. Yeah. That reverse book, double reverse bind funnel that you you presented on. Oh my gosh. No, we're uh But there is a here's the thing though. When it comes to a model, like you said, you start with one you're confident with, but you're adding on other ones later on. You said like P whatever is that stand for part one, two, and three or four or like what? You had an abbreviation where you're stacking. Sorry, that was jargony. Product one, product two, and product three. So like I'll move into things that I don't know second or third after we have something actually working. Um and the best for me to like get something working is a call close funnel. I have so much margin for how I run and iterate on that it's like near impossible that I fail financially um in in like a complete failure capacity where we make zero sales. Like if you give me if you give me the budget to put a hundred calls on the calendar, like we're at least closing one or two. And if we go over a hundred, which like I said has happened maybe once, definitely twice where it was rorowz sub one. Um that's rare. That's really really rare. That means that it's so bad that I just I'm like, "All right, it's best that we I don't even think about why this isn't working. Let's just move on to the next." Yeah. Just got this in the mail, actually. Russell's newest sales letter. It's for thought leader live. I don't know if that's related. I haven't I haven't Oh, dude, I didn't get that. It has quote. Yeah, that's tough. It's physical. It's the first thing in there. Yeah, it says, "Oops, I did it again. How my new funnel let us profitably spend over a million per month adds a 3x rorowaz." Maybe it's talking about the prime mover funnel. We'll see. It's bro, it's 100%. It's definitely not the lynch bin. Um, but okay. So, let's assume Russell, we're on we're on the topic. So, you again, I don't we don't I don't know if you can talk about it, but you worked on the prime mover to fill his high ticket back end, which that also includes selling online challenge, right? Yep. Yeah. So, selling the online challenge was a mechanism to get people into Prime Mover. that offer is a is a combination of um Dan Kennedy's like magnetic marketing um course that's in there and also the fountain head course by Russell and a bunch of other goodies. So, um, the way I put it is like we wanted to come up with an offer that bridges basically Russell's got two comma club and people that are two comma club eligible are like inner circle 25k and up, right? And then you have everyone at zero commas who is a low ticket buyer. This bridges the the one comma the two comma like club is the prime mover offer to me. Okay, that is a way to get there. Um, help people facilitate that bridge faster so that Russell can can at least extend them an invitation into his inner circle because if you've been there at Funnel Hacking Live or what will soon be whatever else he's going to do in the future, um, he is pretty good about just selling or just pitching the mastermind to people who can deserve it. Um, or not can deserve it, but who can financially it or should be in it. So um historically he did have yeah who deserve it right but like who are qualified and um the people that he didn't serve in the middle were uh was kind of the gap that we see sought to fill with the prime mover offer. So like the curriculum he already had like he already did all the course coaching work there. So it wasn't like it was for pace or j where we're advising on the whole process from product creation to funnel to traffic. um we just had to come in and bridge that in between. So a lot of times it's like we have traffic coming in, we're running ads, retargeting straight into that. But a lot of times they're coming in from the low ticket Russell universe trying to figure out, okay, how do I get to Two Comic Club? And the way I wanted to position this offer was could we could we basically position this offer as a way the fastest way to get to Two Comma Club. Uh the fastest way to go from one to two commas. So okay, that's what that offer pretty much um pretty much stands. And yeah, like dude, the sales motion, like I said, is different than anything I've ever done. Um, it it breaks a lot of the rules that I just said prior to this. Um, and the selling online event was a huge catalyst in the beginning. Now, we finally have a standalone model that's working beyond that. But, uh, up until like a few months ago, that was the primary driver. Yeah. Uh, Russell sent a denial service attack against this just so we couldn't get the secrets out. He said Ben texted Russ, quick talking about us. Swamp them with traffic. Send the whole email list to the stream. Crash it. Uhhuh. Crash it. Um, okay. Let's see if we can continue. But what I was saying is I did not think that selling online challenge would do well just because it seemed too generic, too basic. There wasn't much novelty to to my opinion. Um, I thought that my hypothesis was okay, the people are going to buy that aren't at my awareness in the market. I don't know. But how did you get to the point of that being the selling point? Obviously is Russell, so he does have a lot of influence and status, but like why do you think it worked well at this time in the market when I thought it wouldn't? Dude, that's a great question. And I think that's something that Russell just knows deeply about his audience um is that I am really really strong into it needs a unique mechanism or at least a very like unique value prop in order to sell. So, I was trying to lean into the idea that like the idea of even one to many is so overplayed to me and I was treating the target market like it was me when that still might be like first mover or just novel concept to the people that are still on his list who still haven't made that work. Um, and then there was there's this component of irony that I thought might kill the offer in the fact that we were selling the idea of one to many without a sales floor with a sales floor. Um, so to me I was like it happens all the time in this space. It happens. It happens all the time and I forget there's like a back door or a reverse uno card that you can play. Um, yeah. Where you can just disclose that hey like you know I'm going to give you the secrets by the way you know you can either allude to it just overtly be like we're going to sell this at the sales for you can certainly buy this way. what I'm going to teach you works for me in this promo. And it brought me back to consulting.com when we sold the idea for essentially consulting accelerator sold the idea for uplevel um and uplevel sold the idea for consulting accelerator. And it was just like these two different models that interplayed um one that sold the idea of fully distributed remote consulting and one that sold the idea of transitioning from um done for you to done with you hybrid. Right. So yeah. Yeah. It brought me back to that. I'm like, cool. You don't have to be completely uh let's say congruent or fully aligned with, okay, like the best thing forward is is to sell by phone. Okay, we're selling you by phone. Why do you think we do this? Because we sell by phone. We're teaching you to sell by phone. It's a metal lesson. You don't have to go that way. You don't have to go to the metal lesson. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I okay another hypothesis on why I thought okay this is going to work well is because I feel like in the internet marketing space there was a lack of optimism because so there wasn't some new funnel like there was no novelty coming out and people are kind of like there was nothing new like we had call funnels then we had clients community crushed with group funnels everyone was doing group funnels then school came out and said do recurring then we saw that the lifetime of freaking recurring wasn't as good as it seemed to be and then they're like do annual and it wasn't really clear and Everyone's like, "What?" And it's like low ticket. No lynch pin. I don't know. And then so my thought was like people are so lost that they're like, "I'm just going to do this cuz like I'm going to walk because there's no hope. Like there's no one to copy." So my thought is like maybe that. That's actually a good theory. You're going to make me pull the the sales calls after this and listen into a few or I'll just keyword search it because yeah, I think people on models, you're right, there hasn't been this crazy innovation. um on top of the actual claim. So you need claim and then innovation. But the assessment you just had is exactly right. It's like Sam is trying to make school work. So there is a natural inclination for him to hype reoccurring. Him and hormones do both. Um and it does, but to get out of the um the average threemonth retention or like to get out of like 33% churn rates, which is standard for info, 25 to 33%. Yeah. Very hard. You can do it, but it's very hard. and Lynchpin, right, relies on the fact that you have usually a software or some sort of reoccurring idea in order to parlay into that funnel. Um, if you do it as an affiliate model, then you're losing 40 or 50%. You're losing all the cash margin on top of it. So, yeah, there hasn't been what I always tell our team is like, I'm dying for someone to actually invent the next new funnel flow that like blows everyone's mind because it will happen. It's just a while. Yeah. I feel like we went from like because there's stages of markets where it's like romantic realism like this and that whatever and then we go to like Yeah. Yeah. And so now I feel like we got to a point where novelty couldn't save anybody. It's like you just have to have a good product and good marketing and you could use any funnel. It's just you had to have a good you had to be good at which people don't like. Like you don't like that. Yeah. No one wants to hear that. Yeah. But I think every market goes through it's like you have people like Sam Ovens then traffic and funnels and all the spawn lings under Sam who teach education as a bisop inevitably majority of the market is going to fade out because they didn't get into this become good marketers got into this to make money. So my hypothesis is they're like frick like it's not as easy. I don't I don't want to sp be a marketing business or a sales business. And I feel like I see so many people like that's why I'm recurring. I they love the idea of recurring but then they do that and then they disappear. I'm like, "Well, frick." Like, "Okay, may the best win." But then I feel like selling online. I was like, "Oh, did Russell find the way?" Like, I thought, "Did you find the way? Walk me through your your wave of then." Yeah. Yeah. So, I was like, "This this offer is not good. It's not going to sell. I don't It's basic. I already bought the perfect webinar script." Then it was like, you ran it a second time. I'm like, "Okay, people must like this." So, I buy the ticket. Then I get confused on how to actually join or when it's happening and it was just too far out. So then I didn't attend it because it was 30 days. Like I joined like the start of the month. So I just didn't attend it. Then there was a Was that last year? No, this uh No, it was this year. Um this year January, two months ago, three months ago. Yeah. Four months ago. The more recent ones. So it was wasn't a 30-day though. It was a 30-day challenge frame. No, it was like 30 day. It was still like weeks out till the next one started. Gotcha. I thought you meant uh you joined a 30-day challenge and I was like I don't think we did that. Yes. Different Russell Brett. Yeah. But yeah, it was super long and I'm like as of me I'm like well I don't want to wait because I know there's a pitch at the end. So I see the call funnel right which sounds like that one is that one that's ripping you said is can run on its own or you said on top of the challenge there's a direct one that's going there is it just re it just launched in the last few weeks here too. There's two different funnel path prime mover at least that I'm aware of. There maybe is a third. I'd have to talk to Chris marketing over there. Um actually see Chris Chris can you hear me? How many funnel paths are there to prime mover sale right now? Two or three. No. How many funnel paths? Like there's selling online as a mechanism. Then there's IVSL and then is there anything else? Ebook. Oh, lead magnet. Okay, cool. Sweet. Yeah, Chris Chris, our VP of marketing, just confirmed there. There's a few more. So, there's at least three. There's Yeah, there's EPbook lead. That's cool. That Yeah. So, that's my I was like, okay, I'm just going to consume through a different path. So, then I went through callunnel and I but I didn't even book a call because I don't want to do a call. I just want a cart. I'm at the point though where I'm so sophistic I've gone through so much like just send me the cart and then I'll decide and I'll look at your FAQ or I'll talk you're you're in like dude you're in the most aware like cloud hop yeah you you'd have I need like a friend like you or Ryan coming to me like I joined Iman's program because Ryan was like there's cool people and I'm like okay I want to be on cool people that was it I haven't that's it I was like oh I get a different fine pattern than I would say our target market yeah so but I think this is a good lesson for like everyone and that's why I like to kind of hear like why you think it worked well that because it doesn't always have to be the the the new unique mechanism or some new thing but also what are you doing from a standpoint of helping everyone afford you or helping everyone get to you by having multiple funnel paths like do you feel like we're going there is that the next stage where you just have to serve everyone what they want on a silver platter or is it force people down one path and fit what you want I think that you design. You design up front like you know the funnel path that they're going to take. Like there has to be actual strategy. I don't think it's a strategy to throw everything at the wall and just call it omni channel. Um you can later, right? I mean and that sometimes works but then all of a sudden you can't detect the signal from the noise so to speak. So you have no idea why it's working. And if you have no idea why it's working, you can't refine. So then in a world where CPMs rise and frequency of your offer rises, all of a sudden you get washed over and you can't figure out an optimization. That's the that's that's what screws you over. So um to avoid that, ideally you start with one clear coherent idea, move to the next, move to the next. And if this worked out a little bit, then cool, save it, dep prioritize it for later. But you want to find that first funnel path that you can really um you can really focus on. And what I always talk about when we launch offers is if um if I launch an offer, let's just say it's call close or even just webinar straight to direct to cart close. That's even the easier example. So someone gets onto a webinar, what do you typically do in a robust funnel? You have if they drop off, you have email sequences that uh hit people who registered but didn't attend. You have email sequences that hit people who attended but didn't see CTA. You have email sequences that hit people who saw CTA but didn't book um or buy. And in a launch where you really want to get it right, I believe in removing all those, the offer should be at least roast positive or let's just call it me 10 above uh marketing efficiency ratio above just off of the core offer fundamentals of a straight line sale. Because if you can do that, then you can add in all these optimizations everywhere. You can add in email, you can add in ads retargeting, you can add in JV and affiliate, you can add in referral, you can add in whatever you want ascension on the back end. But if you can't get it to work just by its bare naked straight line path, to me, it's not that you don't have an offer, you just don't have an offer that could last more than a couple years. That's a great b I love that. I love that baseline. I feel like it's going to help people stay focused. I think a lot of people hearing that be very important because now everyone can take a deep breath like okay focus on one thing at a time which I a lot of people need to hear it's freeing um to do that too then if you can't do it by it's like you don't add more stuff you just like okay the offer is not good enough as a baseline. Yeah. Yeah. Do you still with the webinars you're running for your brands? Are you still studying like voice inflection points at different things or like how deep are Sam or because it's live do you because a lot of people are really good at presenting live. So do you do most your webinars live like or how much studying do you do at this level or people on your team? Uh hopefully everyone is doing a little bit more like what I used to do 10 years ago. Um here's what I do though like for pace and everyone else is I study drop off points. So if it's a live webinar there's always this retention curve. If you look for any VSSLR webinar, it looks like it'll look like the COVID curve um where you have this like uh flattening of the curve, right? Where you get to mask and at that point, that's the point you want to start to study is when did we hook people to where they would have stayed to the end of the presentation. You normally determine this point because it becomes reverse exponential. Imagine like this is minute zero right here. Yeah, I think reverse. Am I I'm on the right side of the screen or the left side of the screen for you. Uh you're on my right, but I'm on your right. Okay. Imagine it in reverse. So like this, right? And then you hit this part where it becomes linear or just gradually linear and there's 1% drop off until usually the CTA and then you have another dip. Those are the two dip points. You have exponential in the first few minutes until you get them hooked and they go, "Okay, I understand why me, why you, why us together, why what this presentation is about. I'm going to stick." So, I studied this point first, this inflection point, and then um I worry about this point usually later, the one at CTA where people fall off because they heard the offer and they're like, "Okay, sweet." That one is more the conversion point more so than the fall off of attention. So, I study this one for pace and anyone I um normally if we're watching it all together in a war room setting like we were a few weeks ago, I I'm like time stamp here like right at this inflection point. Let's study and talk about in the meeting why think we flatten the curve here, right? Um, and it normally it normally corresponds to normally the hero story or some semblance of a tease to the hero story is when you finally get someone to flatten the curve. So the quicker you get into that hero story, people will always tell you in the com like chat comments and it's a red it's not a red herring whatever the word is. It's like a false it's a false signal because people always say like skip the hero story like I've heard this a thousand times blah blah blah you have important yeah and then marketers uninformed marketers will make decisions based off of that. there's a reason why. There's triedand-rue stories like that. Even Russell will tell about hero story, old versus new, internal objection, belief story, external objection, belief story. Those are usually what flatten the curve. Um sometimes it's like you hitting finally a series of social proof, authority, um reciprocity, hook to the end, blah blah blah. Like those in combination like get it to flatten. But it's usually a story like getting into the story finally. Um that gets someone to sit back and be like, "Okay, I'm here for the ride." Right? It's just going to be a gradual. And then the other points that I usually like a few weeks ago, Pace lost maybe like one or two% of his audience in just one thing he said just dipped real quick. Like from 2500 people on the webinar to like let's say 2400. So anytime that I'm like whoa we just lost 100 people in the middle of it like 45 minutes in an hour in. I don't have time to think of it in that moment. I just like time stamp that. Let's talk about that later. Um so that's that's how I get it with. So case in point, the lesson learned here is if you're using Wistia or Vimeo like or Vidalytics, look at your drop off curves. Like you're you're pretty much the Mr. Beast of webinars for Me and Mr. Beast would get along so well. Uh we just be sitting there looking at the retention curves. You should just like pay him to come and do like an inerson consult and have him look at a webinar. I'd be so curious what like an entertainer would do to a webinar cuz he's so good at like open hooks and loops for so good. Do you have the Mr. Beast guide to production? It's like studied it. Yeah, I I studied like Yeah. Like he cares he cares so much about that what the first five or first three seconds or that micro frame is too and I about that on a webinar because people have this expectation that you're not going to hook them in two seconds. Um No. Yeah. You're like, "Hey, you know, what's up?" Welcome. Yeah, you feel like 30 seconds to two minutes of just like put twos in the chat or like whatever else you know you're doing at that stage. Uh to think of Mr. Beast doing that, he would probably be intense, dude. Yeah. Or he would he just say, "Hey, stay to the end. I'll give you $10,000." Last person to leave the webinar every time. Yeah. Yeah. I saw uh I've seen people I won't say who on an auto webinar say in the first like five seconds, "Hey, I'll be giving an iPad away at the end of this webinar." Uh, I'll be sure to pick someone live. And I have no idea if it was actually live and they just hybrided it where they came back and picked someone, but that type of stuff. Yeah, does work. Um, giveaway, dude. Bro, what if Yeah. What if it was last person to leave the webinar wins? That'd be crazy. You say like, "Hey, that would be sick." That'd be a Mr. Beast type challenge of Yeah. Like him being buried buried alive for seven days. Yeah. Last last leave circle wins this. It's like last leave this webinar. By the way, there'd be people that were would set up like mouse movement software or whatnot just not to get kicked off. I could see that happening, dude. Dude, they But it Okay. Um, that's not a bad idea though, Josh. That's That's pretty good. Yeah, cuz you just The thing is, but people stay on the webinar for a very long time, bro. What I'll do, cuz I was curious cuz Jason Flavlin was like, "People will stay on so long." So, I finished. I went for three hours and I said, "All right, guys. See you later." and I just turned off my mic and camera and just sat there and they stayed forever. Nothing was playing. Dude, it's weird. It's weird. But I think but I think at that point my thought is so I know Ryan told you about a event. Did you look into that ever? I did. I looked into it right away after and someone had told me about it before. Do you guys use a Yeah. Winter the founder met him in Dallas. It is hands down the he needs to launch an offer around once any selling and then make his platform the utility because it is so good because the simulated live Zoom. So Ryan was saying like oh it looks like Zoom. No, it is Zoom. So it's look it's a Zoom meeting and then it's a Zoom link everything but it it's like broadcasting your webinar as if it was live. We do a live. I don't do any of that. So is it is it a container then or is it just a UIUX overlay? No, it's Zoom. It's Zoom and it's like it's like so Nick Fisher's like it's your meeting on it's it's a Zap. It's an integration into Zoom itself. Bro, I don't he's Winter's a genius. It integrates in like 80 tools. I don't know how he does it. But I think the real power of it is the uh the there's one link for everything. So he has like a everyone gets a custom join link which tracks all the data. So you can create custom audiences based on when people jump off the Zoom meeting. that right now. That would be huge. You would print. It's crazy. I don't even know how. And it's one link. So then it's like, let's say someone clicks a link, they didn't join live, but certain time you push them to the replay right away or the encore. So it's one link. So they click any link they received. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So anyways, it just makes it easiest for all of us noncody people to do it. But um what was I saying? Oh yeah, people stay on. So my thought is what if if they're going to stay on forever, what if we just start playing like a long form YouTube video after? What if we put on like the next thing and I'll stream? Like you just keep going. Like I keep forgetting the term. What is What is the um what is the streamer term for when they're live and pushing people to the next live? Um I don't know. It's um what is it? I forget what it is. Uh but I saw Kaisenat use it one time. He's like, "We're going to raid this next chat." Yes. Yeah. Yeah. It's a streamer. Yeah. Raid. Yeah. you go pass off your viewers like Yeah, dude. That'd be But the nice thing with like a event is you have like a secret. So, it looks like almost like cap cut where you can just layer in. So, I think you could just go forever. So, I don't know. I've never tried it. I'm just just ranting. I know. That'd be so sick. That's a great hat tip. Now that you said that and and Cla said that, I'll check it out. Um because we run into those every time. We can't even get I don't think analytics right now between um uh people like peak attendance rate versus just overall attendance and off between the two. Yeah, you can see it and like I see like the drop and as a report I put a chat to VT and then I can be like study this and then you can put in your webinar recording when they drop why do you think? So you could just like have chatt analyze the actual video frames too. It can. Yeah, because if you put exam transcript, it's a transcript. So, you could put it I don't Yeah, just Yeah, because like the non-verbal stuff is important, but generally speaking, the transcript they can correlate to some sort of probably on screen out. Um, okay. So, enough about that. I want people are going to be like, Josh, let your guest talk. I know Ryan got flamed once interviewed me and he's like, let your guest speak. So, back to you. Yeah, back back to you. um with the webinars we're doing a lot on webinars. I want to talk about like as like how what changes from a front- end webinar to essential webinar on the back end the framing the structure is it the same like the overall structure of webinar what changes this isn't my area of expertise but we did do uh basically 17 million off one ascension pitch um at our live event but keep in mind we've never done ascension before and we had waited five years to just our mainly let's call it 60 70% customer audience at a live event to do that So, I don't I'm still learning what that looks like from an ascension webinar motion. Um I think I mentioned maybe was with Ryan recently if you guys end up finding me in his talk. I talked about just watching Dean do that last week because he's so brilliant at doing one to many office and so is and so is Brunson like Brunson does that FHL. So, we kind of stole that from Brunson of like what does that pitch look like up until you're doing it at a live event. the core elements that I think are most important. Let's go with the most important element is like did you service the student well? Yeah. Um it's like way overstated. We jump right into tactics of like this is how I framed it. Uh blah blah blah. But mostly it's like did you actually do a good good job? You're not ascending more than um 10% of the room uh if you didn't do a good job. It'd be crazy. Uh so keep in mind like up until this point like people like Pace when we did that had done physical meetups like if you go to um where is pace morby where is pace actually where'space.com I'll put it in the chat if you don't have it like this is the level of commitment that we did leading up to an ascension um and like next year I don't know if we're going to do this this isn't confirmed but pace wants to do a deal help a student do a deal in all 50 states in a 100 days leading up to our next live event where we uh make make an offer to ascend. Um, and if he does that, the ascension rate should be wild because it'll completely kill our number one external objection, which is this doesn't work in my area. Uh, like it'll actually just dismantle that one argument. So, if he does that, then that's magic, right? I don't have to do much. Uh, I can just be like, well, just that let's support that effort. Um, but beyond that, like the things that matter is I think doing it too soon is is um people feel like they didn't get the thing that they actually wanted to buy and they feel a little bit misled. Doing it too late, you risk your best students actually going off being successful, forgetting about you and the community. We risk that ladder and I think that probably happened. We didn't get a lot of the initial people that were successful that missed out on this movement that we created. Yeah. I think probably the key to an ascension is doing it in cohorts. Um, and not just ascending everyone at one time. Um, that's fine as a way to simplify, but I would say think about the value or the promise of your offer to get to X in 90 days, 30 days, 60 days and aim for that being the ascension point and then aiming for some sort of short pass or VIP fastass to people and offering it onetoone over the phones if you have that ability to people who trigger or get there faster. Um, that's that's what I would suggest is uh especially I've learned from Cole Gordon being his mastermind. I always always like wait for ascension. If we promise a result in 30 days, don't pitch before then. He was like, "No, get him on the get him to an activation point on day five. Just pitch him on that." He's like, "That's fine." And me having bought from Cole like before the quote unquote uh point of of ascension, I was like, "Yeah, you're right. That that's wise. That's true. That's my thing. That's true. The biggest thing you can do when you sell someone into the program, if you're either a growth operator or the guru themselves listening to this is um you have your explicit promise of the course like get to x outcome in x amount of time normally, right? Um explicit or maybe implicit. If you get them um an aha that's not even that result that gets them to a point where they wouldn't refund anymore, we call it the activation or aha moment. At that point, it's probably right to be set to either a closer or set to a webinar in order to pitch u on an ascension or at least invite them to it soft way. So, I'm trying not to make any sort of broadstrokes like general advice here because I think it's so situational of when you should do this. Yeah. What But yeah, there is you should look at it through because do you engineer in activation points? Because one thing I found is like Yeah. Okay. Cuz like I feel like you some people think like oh do I have to like let's say it's a make money or okay let's just say it's relationship and it's like get your first date or your like it's your girlfriend right and you think that could be the activation point but I sometimes found I'll bring it closer so it's like get a positive reply or like the date just booked you know like cuz is that how do you or how did you come up with the activation point for pace or for Jimmy like what did that look like? So what you have is like your core promise is get X in X time or Y time. Yeah. And then from there I usually have five hypotheses as to the milestones. I think in milestones of getting them there and then usually what it's going to end up being is not one of the five things that you thought of. It's going to be something you're dang that was simple. Uh I just have to get them there and they don't refund. So, what I look for is over time, if I get someone X, um, yeah, easiest one for info that I can give you, this one does apply for every offer I've done. If you can get someone after they buy your program to introduce themselves in the group and get replied to, 90% of the time they won't refund it. Like, if you have a refund problem or your refund rate is over 10%, just do that. That's it. That's the solution. It'll work. Promise. So, you said get them to message another member or get them reply. That's that's the next step. That's step two. So, first step is get them to introduce themselves in wherever your community is, whether it's W, whether it's Facebook groups, and then get another member to reply to them saying, "Hey, saw you. Welcome to the group." Blah, blah, blah. That's it. That's the two step. Have you ever Have you ever done it where you have them get an accountability partner? Yeah, we do that. We do that a lot. We We are so heavy on community-ledd growth where um Look at this. This is probably my favorite thing. I'll drop it in the chat for you so you can maybe you can throw it up and post whatever. So, get creative is us for sub two. We take it one step further. We not only sync up people with accountabilities, but we have student leaders and then we get them, we encourage our students after they do a deal to film a podcast with another student now and then we post it on this map so that you can see this giant map of where people have done deal. So, that's so sick. Thank you. I think so, too. They're like I like these are this like I feel like I need to I'm I'm inspired by this cuz I feel like I have these crazy ideas. Not like this. These are crazy. I mean like little things like when I say like oh it's so like last to leave that like what are like that and then I'm like I never do it. I'm like oh that's just a distraction. But like things like these are like little at scale they have big points are never the distraction. In fact, activation I think if you're thinking of acquisition, conversion, activation, retention, referral, ascension, if you want to put your mind in the best place where you can do any of that, you think of activation because after you activate, you can do anything you want. Like you you can ascend people. You can get them to refer students. You can get them to help with the conversion. You can have them say, "Hey, everyone who is on the phone this week, could you just hop on and get them over the line?" Right? You can have them refer post to their friends and aid in the acquisition effort. So activation to me is the secret to any other birth if you just focus on that. That's so far. If I like ask you Josh, what is the one thing you learned from this? It's it's going to be this for sure. So I mean thinking like for our low ticket offers that's like a low ticket product is activation like the whole point like you said aha moment or moment or activation point doing something. Yep. and a webinar obviously the same thing but I just stress I love that even more. Um, have you tried quiz funnels to activate people at all yet? People always I've bro I'm bullish on quiz funnels right now. I haven't done it but I'm like and the team is the team is too like we we have customized we have customized quiz logic that routes you in different paths. Yeah. Yeah. me like personally boots on the ground. I've only done Fox quizzes where they all end up in the same place. Yeah, same you're adding you're adding complexity in this funnel and all these multiple routing have to think about okay multiple sales path and everything else. But it's a good idea. It really is. And AI personalization will probably make it easier for everyone to do all these like crazy personaliz um webinar show rate at least in my market. We're doing copies agency owners abysmal just they don't want they already I think cuz they know but it's like converts so well like like 20% show up rate but I think it's my time of day I think time a day fricts it cuz my lifestyle my schedule I just I know I'm not doing optimal time uh sometimes we have 15% we just did one like a new test a new one and we had 10% but I think it was time of day I'm curious what are you doing from a webinar show rate does time a day is that the biggest factor there. And also, if everyone's freaking doing a webinar at Thursday, 800 PM EST, is that bad? Like, when do we get to a point where it's like there's three webinars going at once, you know? Like, everyone's running the same freaking day. And so, these are a big scale. And I'm like, I have texts coming. I opt in webinars and I have like four people texting me. I know it's because I'm a fiend and I'm opting to everything. But, when when are you starting to promote it? Is it more than three days out or less than three days out? Um, four max. Okay. Yeah. Then that shouldn't be less than 72 hours is best practice for me. But that shouldn't be the make or break reason. If how do you do it though? Like let's say you're running a Thursday webinar. Yeah. Friday hits and you have ads running. Do you turn ads off until then you start it back up on Monday and then you So like is that enough time so go a learning phase or do you just let them run? It's like ah frick and people op forget. Um yeah. Usually what we do is we ramp ads. um sequentially or not sequential sequentially we ramp ads maybe exponentially um three days before. So, let's call it oh 10% of your budget 3 days out, 40% of your budget uh two days out. Oh, okay. 50. That's not quite exponential. That's bad math, but you guys know what I'm talking about. Yeah, I see what you're saying. Uh it's it's let's say it's it's uh it's more than linear and it's more it's less than exponential RAM. Uh 72 hours. That's the fundamentals of it. However, like you're too low even for that. So, it probably is time of day um related. Have you ever surveyed your target market? And just ask them this simple question. Everyone who didn't attend, say, hey, were you at least interested in attending? Yes or no? And just get in yes or no. Just keep it that simple. And for the ones that say yes, I was at least interested. Just call them, dude. Like it's it's that simple. And then figuring out, hey, okay, they're like, oh no, like I have worked during this time period or like this blah. It's most likely where I it's time of day and it's different between target markets. If you're selling bisop and you're selling bisop to 50% people have 9 to5. Yeah. You got you can't do during the day. Exactly. But I think it's it's weird because one of our offers it's people are freelancers and copyriters. So like they don't have a job maybe but they Yeah. Yeah. Maybe they're like doing client work then they have client calls. So I don't know. I know. That first question buckets them into two different types of people. People who are least interested and I say like that exact language. Were you at least interested in attending? True. Webinar. True. That's sick. I like that survey quiz time and I'll route them and Yeah, exactly. You can do all and it's the encore and then it'll be we got an encore for you. Um do people watch like replay sequences? Is most of your money still being made in the replay when the cart's closing? Yeah, we had do and we ran um the auto webinar consulting had the best data for that. I want to say off the top of my head um after someone two time 2x no-shows, they're almost dead to you. Almost dead. Like 2% 2% or less of our revenue came from 2x or more no-shows. So then you're doing a live and encore and then freak you. Correct. Live, encore, limited time replay, close out, reopen in three days, close out again. And that's that's that's still tried and true today. You're still true, man. That like almost never goes out of style. It's crazy. There's a lot of stuff in I feel like Why do you think web dude webinars is that one funnel that I feel like is never gonna stop working? It won't. It won't ever die out because the only is it the numbers that freak you like cost per lead, click, and show. Is that what freaks you? what screws you over is like the rising cost of advertising generally is what chokes people out. But the idea that like webinars are dead is hilarious to me. It's like saying infomercials are dead and then looking at Tik Tok live selling and just being like, well, it's the same thing since the 80s and 90s. Like Billy Mays was doing the same thing. And now it's cool if you live sell on Tik Tok. It's just the frame has changed. But the idea of something being live and selling to you is is like as old as probably like the Bible times, right? Like that's like the sermon on the mount or anything else like did one to many in person. True. Jesus started the first. Yeah, exactly. And it I like how you said earlier just kind of call back like hero's journey. Don't take that out because it's funny. We did a we did a webinar. I tried to do Mark as the face for the offer and we did a few but his hero's journey wasn't relatable enough for the audience. Well, that makes sense. So, yeah. Shout out to Mark. I was like I was like I thought I was like, "Oh, they're gonna he's sick. He's a baller. He's got his family. He's doing this." Like they're going to think it's so cool and they're going to buy. It's appealing to me. I think Mark's a good dad. Like I love when he like he's the clips where he's riding his daughter around in the Lambo. Yeah. You're like freak this dude. It might not be relatable to everyone though. I get that. And so so then we switched it to like my furry like we say can you say on mine where it's just like first $100 date this that and everyone's like dude like it worked forever. I'm like classic like I should have known but again you don't but I like how you're reestablish that because I was like just skip to the hero's journey you don't need that too. That's your conver conversions tank. It happens. Dang. um where you're having the webinar. Have you I see Dean those people they'll go like to YouTube and my thought is it's probably because you can't put that many on a Zoom call it probably break I don't know maybe you can is do you think people choose that strategically that they're doing it outside of Zoom or other places or is it I asked that question myself recently um and I want to say like Dean doesn't he keep it on the whole time like what we do is we cut it off about 45 minutes in we push we gate it so that YouTube live or YouTube stream never sees the offer and then we push them to the Zoom. How do you So, you just end You just end it. Oh, you end it. Yeah. Pace gives like a two-minute warning essentially of just like, "Hey, we're going to cut off YouTube here soon. So, if you're watching on YouTube, get into the Zoom." That's worked for us, but I don't know. It's hard to know if like That's smart. The impact of that, I guess we could. How do you track show? How do you track show like your peak on YouTube and then see? Well, without a hopefully avent sponsors you here. Uh I think okay I think I sent up where they haven't they haven't build me in a while so I'm Hey Winter if you cancel my I appreciate you bro maybe that's why but yeah I hope you know but yeah I wonder if they can I don't dude soon they're doing a VSSL uh option too where it'll be you can track drop offs there to mail them as well which will be sick that's the next and then but anyways I'm not here I'm not even affiliated Oh shoot also how many people do you have on your team like 200. Why would you do that? Like what what like I respect it, but like why? Like what are you getting out of it? When you want to publish as many offers as you have this ambition for you have to otherwise become just do one. Why not be like Luke Kish and just have one and like because here's the thing I'm like you. I want a bunch but I know I like I know my limits and I also know my lifestyle I want with my wife, my like I so I understand what I want now. But I look at someone like you, I'm like, "Dude, that'd be great." Like, but what is it for you? Why do so many? Why not just focus? Because I hear just focus. And so I'm like, "Do whatever." So I'm curious your argument for that. Yeah. And I and like I give that advice too when I was in consulting. That's all we did. So I was I always joke that like I left uh and then just proceeded to follow none of my advice that I used to go. um is because I got like an ego about and I thought I could do anything was how I started. And then what I found too is why it's hard to consolidate right now um is that we did we eliminated a lot of brands this year even shut down stuff that was semi-profitable. We shut down brands that are profitable multiple times. So we're still trying to consolidate is the answer because focus is everything. So yeah, don't let what I did or the mistakes I met get in the way of like the lesson I learned again for like the 10th time in my career that Yeah. Yeah. It's a force multiplier and the team though is intentional. Like the team is a moat and I have the stomach. Like I love that. I don't necessarily want the location freedom lifestyle anymore. I used to um there was my aren't you married? Yeah. But like I love being here. I love being in office. I don't feel chained to it. I feel like we built a company that's a reflection of me and Josiah and our personalities um and how we operate. So to me it's it's like fun. It's fun to be here. Yeah, that's cool. That's cool. I like that. You don't need you don't need to like at all. There's like really high leverage info businesses that exist with less than 10 employees. It's very possible. They can distributed. You don't have to do this. But yeah, I do see like the moat that it brings like that that is pretty intense of like a moat to have and like if you can do it like there's only a few player built for it and you obviously are the person that's what makes you so good. But yeah, I was just curious like because everyone like you think Mr. Beast like why would he do that to himself? But it's like he gets something out of it to keeps him hooked to it's like for you emotionally what are you getting did you as a kid you like something like what like what are you getting from it? That's a good question. I think here's here's Am I am I glitching out now? I was going to give you a tour. I'll stop. Um yeah, you're you're glitchy. All right, I won't then what I'll say is um that I what what actually motivates me and what I constitute what I'm trying to do in life is uh I'm trying to collect people in my life. I try to hoard knowledge. I try to hoard like money. I try to save. I try to do this that and the other. But what I really found I'm doing is collecting experts and collecting experts in the amount of great people I can have in my life and having a company allows me to correct more more great people around me. So there it is. That's the fit for me. Yeah. Yeah. There's always something. That's why I always like to ask like what what is it? I like to ask that too because some people may watch it and compare. Yeah. Why? Yeah. It takes you a while. Yeah. Yeah. And there's like people might watch this like oh I'm going to do it. and be like, "Nick, I can build a company." But then I like having people share why they have it because then someone might hear that and like wait, I don't really care about collecting people. I actually care about this. And then they don't get themselves having a big company isn't a flex. It leads to more more problems like more process. If you don't generally love having the people around you, then I definitely wouldn't do it. It's not like it's it's not cool to have a building with like your name on it or anything else or a lease with, you know, $30,000 in rent or whatever it is, right? sell per month. It's not not cool if you don't want it. Don't let other people's Don't let other people's flexes like get in the way of what you want. Yeah, 100%. That's great. Um, why haven't you done low ticket? Dude, that's a great question. Maybe we should work together. Maybe the next question. You want to come on to my YouTube show now and then we can discuss. So, I'll send the invoice. No, but yeah. Yeah. Yeah. My employees. No, but I was curious. It's like I mean you Okay. You actually have you did selling online challenge. So you have done low ticket. We do some low ticket. It just comes in like I said it's normally the second or third priority within a brand. Yeah. I found a way and we'll talk we can just on your channel open loop people to go subscribe to you on YouTube. But bisop I found until recently doing low ticket was hard because there's so much you have to do change work to get someone bought into want to take a step to make money in a certain model. I know a lot of the offers you've worked like real estate this and that there's not as much time on a low ticket to get funnel like on the marketing side some get even someone to buy like a low ticket product and actually consume it. That's the issue I ran into. That's why bisop I'd always do the webinar and then for other things. But there is a way that I found does work well to get people in the door which we'll talk about on your channel. So you people go subscribe. Let's do that. Yeah. Come over to my channel. Let's let's do it soon because a rock for this quarter of which is in September 30th is to figure out what the uh next low ticket is for and just like most I think it's activation obviously at the end of the day it's like you need to sell something quickly activate what it comes down to but yeah anyways there there which you already have down but I was curious like why you had into the past but obviously you stick to what you know it sounds like and just rip that that's that's it. about focus. I got to get my focus somewhere because it's certainly not a number of projects. So, I gota I got to get it somewhere. I can't like chase other funnel models. Well, dang. Dang. Um, have you gotten to have you done any health related offers yet? Nope. Haven't done that either. So, are you industry specific too? Like is your focus point where it's like same market and that same funnel? Correct. you stay in that markets I'm familiar with bizop products in ticket price point sales call funnels scale to product two and three outside of uh with the money you make from this where are you investing in where does it go um I'm sure you like are you like Mark yeah you have Bitcoin too it detail I told him I was like bro what are we launching your Bitcoin course then um that's where I'd like my money into is the launch of your Bitcoin product Like what we do is invest money into our next launch. That's that's the truth. Right now I have been like in stocks. I have been a little bit in crypto but not much. Like to me I just reinvest in business. Yeah. Because like you you just love what you do right now so much you want to split your attention. I I well it's not that that's well kind of um what I want to do is be able to not have to take outside money. And with info businesses, you don't need a lot of money to start them, but you do need somewhere between, we invest somewhere between 10 to 150K in another launch of another product. And you can imagine over the course of 30 products how much money that would cost and some subsequently sunk into those launches. So we all cash ahead time. Um yeah, so that's that's what I'm doing with my money right now is reinvest into the business. There will be a season soon, probably within the next 10 years, where I won't do that. Um, and I'll probably try to actually use capital leverage in a bigger way than what I'm currently doing. That's smart. Have you been like most or have you tried to dabble into software with any brands portfolio? Yeah, we have. That's the one thing. Has it worked? Yeah, it has. Um, the reason why we've done the smart play, we have um right now five or six of our brands are in SAS have a SAS model. And what we generally do is on product two or three or four um for a certain brand we think about what is the major product or pain point that we can solve with software and can we find a technical co-founder. So in all let's say five or six of those we have prop AI movable AI dialos.ai. Wait you have Poppy AI Prop P R O P.AI AI. Oh, I thought you got Poppy. I was like, no, I do. I wish I would have retired just now um after that acquisition. All right, so we have prop AI. Prop AI is AI setters. Movable AI is AI book builders. Dial OS is AI for setter teams. If you have a setter team, we have analytics intelligence for that. And then we have dealsauce, which I forget what the um domain is. Dealsauce.io. Yep. Uhhuh. And then I'm blanking on a few maybe one or two others here. Um, but yes, usually like a few of those are sold to our real estate audience. Um, but all of them came from a painoint of us selling info products to our market and just developing it from there and pre-selling the idea generally. Okay. Yep. Smart. Yeah. So, it's attaching a utility to the process. Yeah. And it's not our bread and butter. Like all of them are over or about at least at the at the floor about a million dollars ARR. None of them are over 10 million ARR. Yeah. Yeah. Y would do you think it's possible to exit any of the brands you have? Yes. But not at a valuation that's attractive. Yeah. Yeah. Like what what Mark got, I won't disclose because I don't know if he's public about it. He has, but Okay. All right. Well, then I still don't want to spill the tea too much on that. Yeah. Yeah. what he got is pretty much the high end of the market I would say. Yeah, that was like and he even knows it's pretty L like Yeah, that's like praise God. You're like, hey, thank you. Yeah, like if we could get the value that he got on some of our info brands, I would have sold I would have sold a few of them. It's crazy what he did. I'm always like, Mark, you a magician sometimes, bro. He's a magician. Yeah. Um, but yeah, the because I run like software. we're putting software in our thing and we have a big big we're doing low ticket for a big brand doing 4 million a month and they have software and they're like we want to have software big parks want to exit and I'm like okay it's got to be like I don't know like I just see so many times I've tried it and yes it kind of makes more attractive but then it's still like the software only makes sense because it's a bisop and the bisop uses the software it's not always like use case out of it it doesn't make the whole business like edtech unfortunately um in multiple. So, we will probably maybe exit some of the software plays that we have. That's possible. Um, we already have some interest in a few of the ones that I just mentioned there. Um, at certain valuations that would trade at your typical SAS multiples, but the info and like parlaying that into the SAS and then calling it SAS, that to me is probably more of a pipe dream. Yeah, 100%. Well, glad you're saying hopefully people listen and save themselves. If you're if you're building these businesses, you ideally should be building info businesses for the cash flow and what you do with that cash flow, whether you reinvest into your into more brand logs like I'm doing like, hey, um you know, keep my chips on the table or whether you're pulling the chips off and starting something else or investing into crypto, whatever else those you have at your um option. Just don't let people sell you on the idea that you can sell like personal brands at 10x Eva because I have seen no evidence of such such a thing. Yeah. No, same like Yeah, I'm glad you're saying it. Um, when it come I love what you said when you're talking about with Ryan how to start, you said like to start you can get away with just being like the growth op like just have the face and then you as a growth operator set and close deals and do all the marketing. The next level would be having like a done for you sales agency and then you go like you can stack the team there. Past that. What's like the midsize? Because like for people in my shoes, I like keeping it lean. Like we keep it lean where it's like funnel designer who's also CTO, media buyer, done for you sales agency, me and the expert. Yep, dude. That's much barebones minimum viable. Yeah. I I like to have um let's call it three people under you if as the growth operator um is a good in between play where you have a head of product, a head of sales and a head of acquisition. And that acquisition head could be your media buyer. The head of sales could be your sales manager player coach. The head of product could be your community manager course design. Um those three essential roles that if you don't play them, someone's got to. Yeah, that's fair. That's Yeah, I like that. I because I feel like that's enough room but past that like what's the ne the next level next level like yeah like you're leveling up past let's say you're more aggressive and you're like someone wants to really dude I have done like go to market teams of eight um even one that me and Mark P cross path past win with uh Sigma society with Bill Xarion which we both were involved in helping to launch that. Yeah, that team I think was probably even a little too big where people like Wire Scott crossed. Anything more than eight is definitely too big to launch these brands. Like you end up getting in your you get in people's way more than you do actually help. Um yeah, with someone of that size though, you want to add in maybe someone who can do visual branding um and visual marketing because that's so important to honor the reputation of the existing brand. True. That comes into play. Other than that, you really don't need anyone else other than maybe someone who sits and runs project management. So, I'll add that too is like a PM. Um, in addition, yeah, we got like a VA for that even and they've been right. I mean, if it's a good enough VA, they can sit in any of those seats. But yeah, when you think of teams, you think of less than five typically and you have a group and then you have someone who's heading up hack, you have someone who's heading up the sales or the monetization of it and you have someone heading up product and that's about it. That on one of your YouTube videos you had you databased or researched like 20,000 courses and have all this like data and stuff like that. Uhhuh. Yeah. How why did you make that in the first place? Did you were you just like curious, having fun? How do you use that tool in your process? I I look at it almost every day. I looked at it a couple hours ago. Um, so what what I end up doing, are you going to sell it? Are you going to sell that data? I don't know if I can like internal. It's not my We do database it. You're right. I could sell it. I'd never thought about it because I use I use a bunch of thirdparty spy tools to um to basically input um inputs into the database, but yeah, we could sell it. Um however, it's a competitive mode for us and an advantage. So, I always tell people like you like if you want me to spot check and look someone up, I will. But I don't just like turn loose the actual to anyone. Good answer. Yeah, because the statics are cool. Like if you're like, "Hey, send me the database for this month." Amazing. I'll send that to you as a friend. Um, and it helps us figure out what markets we potentially want to enter. Because in this space, dude, tell me if this is hit for you. It's like you go to a mastermind or whatever else and someone's like, "It's crushing right now, blah blah blah." And then you go and verify something and you're like, "Okay, no, it's not." So, what I use it for is primarily figuring out, okay, I identify markets and then I identify rings of things that I possibly could sell in. So, to me, like it needs to be an eight figure potential market. So, I need to see a comp um in in an eight figureure business plan. Like for instance, if it was um Amazon KDP, which we published in a few years ago, we saw the Mickelson twins and publishing.com as like a multi-ight figures, maybe even potential nine figure at your peak comp. From there, it's like what range of all KDP brands that are selling is the price range. Okay, people are selling things from $19 all the way up to $8,000. That means a mid-trication. Therefore, we initially verified that marketing plan. Yep. So, that's that's my primary use case. My secondary use case is just like finding funnel funnel hacks. And like I said, a lot of times I just go through and I'm like, "Oh, that's interesting." Um, I'll save that for a rainy day. Seem to be making this. Maybe it's a product two or three after we initially get traction because to me, I'm not trying to screw up traction. Like, it needs to be a mid-t price point for me at first and then from there, I'll have some fun. I'll try some stuff. I haven't done before. That's cool. Yeah. Know that that kind of data I feel like it's huge. Like it kind of just prompts the mind. I feel like too and just seeing what's going out there. It's especially as your level strategy wise, it's probably good to have a good pulse in the market. I feel like you have to otherwise you get delusional. I'm already like semi- delusional like with this stuff. So like you got to root yourself back into reality. That's true. That's so true. That's like, have you seen like uh the site boringcashcow.com? No, but that's what I'm after. That sounds great. Sounds right up my alley. Like newsletter like mails you like these boring online businesses or niches that are just ripping and some are info. Some are just like affiliate sites. And then funnel of the week. Have you heard of that one? No. Probably have all the data on their stuff. I would love to I'm gonna subscribe to that. I'm I have pretty good muscle under like not going after the funnel of the week, but have you seen anything that's truly innovative? Me in there like in the funnel like that they're sharing. Um I've seen Yeah. health related offer. I've seen some but it's like the sad thing is a lot of innovation is dark lord. So it's unethical. So there's a lot of innovation our space let me tell you. I see I did an interview with the top clickbank affiliate funnels and stuff. I asked I I did an interview with the top clickbank affiliate. We just redid it today because the other one was too we shared too much of what is bad and I was like dang it, dude. And he's like I can't. He's like he doesn't do it but he was like someone's going to do this if I share what I'm seeing. And it is insane the innovation people go through unethically. And so like you know it's sad like positive innovation the lead magnet of like a hundred ways to defraud someone with 11 laps right now. Like it's it'd be crazy. Yeah. Like send rape someone's personal attacks. Send send their grandmother like 11 laps of them. Yeah, dude. It's tough. Yeah. Yeah. And like but one I mean there was this one where they like send people a a P test for like their health but they rig the test so it always comes back as there's a problem. Yeah that's crazy. That is like that is too far you know like but um I think some of the most like Joe Rogan funnel OP. Yeah, Joe's endorsed over a hundred e-commerce products this year unknowingly. Poor guy. Uh or Dr. Oz. A lot of people do Dr. Oz, but uh qu I think quiz funnels, innovation quizunnel wise has been that's why I'm really like interested in it because my thought is like why not like cuz okay my web for webinar funnel people always like increase consumption so they want to show up. So people I see people do like watch these videos beforehand or you email them. But my thought is like not everyone consumption is very low on that but a quizunnel that keeps them in one spot. So why not after a webinar of an optin do a quizunnel that does like how much could you make from sub 2 whatever? What's potential in your market? They go through it. You show this like and then it's like they say they're in Minnesota which is where I'm at. What if it was okay then here's this and then I'm Minnesota and then also like pulls a case study. Then I see freaking Joe from Minnesota testimonial. So like my thought is like what if it's like quiz funnels. Yeah. So it segments what I'm doing with get creative podcast too in there. So like that one in in particular I've seen people do versions of that. In fact okay okay let me see if I haven't done it but I was like I feel like quizzes are the biggest innovation. I've seen like ecom brands doing hundreds of millions with quizfunnel. some info doing millions with the quizunnel and it's just because it is personalized. It leads people to limitations. It reveals problems. It sells out. Like I feel like it don't know that's the only thing I've been bullish on and seeing that I'm studying right now. But dude, I had this idea I'll leave you this for funnel ideas for Bill Xarion. Um when me and Mark were kind of crossing paths on that, he had this uh his like reason for why he was doing what he was doing. He's like, I want to help the ugliest guys like get girls or whatnot or feel like they have the confidence to try girls. And I was like, what if we did a reverse weight list where instead of like the nightclub thing where the the hottest guys and girls get the fast pass, what if we like use looks max to scan face on the LP on the landing page, rank them, and then slot them based off of how ugly they were up the weight list. Um, and I was like the the sickest thing to me is like let the ugliest guys in first. So if someone execute on that idea cuz I pitched it I had it mocked up and I was like the thing would work if someone has if someone I'll probably never work with a pickup like uh course again. So if someone I just need a shout out later just uh Yeah. Yeah. share that one. They are and it'll it'll crush. Dang, that's tough. Um, wow. Yeah, that'd be sick. Yeah, AI is going to make it. Uh, let's see. That's tough. That's all I needed was someone to to think that was a good Yeah. Yeah. Quizfunnel. Someone said Quizfunnel segmentation for first line social proof. Yeah, I think that's what's cool about it. So, I think the innovation there has been cool. I'm going to test it. I don't know. I don't have any data yet, but uh we'll see. That's the only thing I've seen cool out there. But I think there's there's a lot of um there's a lot of comps to like that quiz funnel even working in just a very simple version. Even if you're doing a 50% split, right? Or just this way or that way. That makes a lot of sense. Yeah. But you're thinking of personalizing to the geo itself. Well, I think for you, I don't know. For me, I can't really do that, but you have case studies here in states. work for us. Yeah. Because of the extra that this won't work in my local market. Exactly. So imagine beforehand it's like they watch the video which I'm What are you doing webinar follow-up wise to get people pre-framed or teed up to the webinar? Do you or is it curiosity and open loops or do you have them consume anything? Uh we we do like we have a big thing for us is like reciprocity being the best principle of influence. So we're big on giving value. like sales rep hits and sales rep's not trying to call and sell them beforehand. That rarely happens. Like 1% of our sales happen pre-webinar despite them getting blanketed by by people reaching out. We're really just trying to give them value. And we have so many lead magnets, resources, testimonials that we're shooting those over ahead of time just in a man. Really? Your setters are hitting up web free webinar registrations with content. Correct. Yep. How many setters what's what's the activity model of how much can a setter how much is automated like we have AI setters but we're not using them right now for that purpose. Um we should probably in the future because our team can't handle all the registrants like last time last webinar two weeks ago we had 5,000 Reggies 2500 on um it maxed out like what you could do pre-webinar. Dang. Yeah. What? Uh, Dean has more than that. So, like, and I know he doesn't. There's probably an automation that makes sense for us right now. There's Well, okay. I hate to keep gas like hyping up a event. I'm not an affiliate, guys. I promise I have no affiliate link. I denied going from Josh's affiliate link when he gets one. I'm not going to take one cuz I love to blaze like the soft wearing. But they have like ring they have like the ringless uh voicemails like you know, so like obviously voicemails which is pretty common. That's built in. They How is it? Is it good? I haven't done it because they said they they said unless you have an older market, it doesn't make sense. And like people aren't really do voicemails. So I think it makes sense, dude. Hey, you hear that, Winter? Yeah. Um the next thing do I what do you check your voicemail personally? Well, I opt into too many funnels that I have. Me, too. I I check my voicemail, so maybe it doesn't work. I'm sorry. Yeah. Yeah, it's too many funnel optins. But one other thing is Apple Wallet. There's a company. I gotta find them. But after you opt in, you know, like it shows your phone, your like plane ticket. It keeps hopping up like this much time left. Yeah. Someone made a software that does that. So smart. And so avent integrated that. But I think that would be sick. Imagine just like that would be sick. Your wallet. That would be sick because I've done this before with friends. I have some friends on $1 a month Apple reoccurring payment. Like I'll send I sent that to uh Cole Gordon uh a few months ago. He was like, "What's this for?" I was like, "It's just for you to think of me." It's like an autoresponder. You can set up reoccurring payments. It's so great. Um what if you Okay, imagine if you could set, you know, people do the PayPal outreach strategy. Have you seen that where they send like five cents? Yeah. Yeah. What if you could do that to your reg like webinar registrations where you knew your like cost per lead, you're just increasing it by like 5 cents and everyone got like a a freaking Apple notification where it's like, dude, you should do that. Like anyone that you think is a high value lead, see this? You can down here, send reoccurring payment. So smart. Send reoccurring payment. Do it every week today. Send them $1. I do I do it to several friends right now strategy. Yeah, you can also request money from them, too. But I think sending a dollar is like is just it's just funny and it's like a good way to you're going to spend that much money on marketing. When does when does it get needy, though? Like when does it like when does it get to a point where they're like, "All right, dude. You got to stop this." Some of them think it's funny. Some of them text me because I'm so bad at texting people back. I'm gonna Jason I'm gonna tip Jason Fling because I keep asking for his like Mona Lisa webinar maker. Oh, tell him like I'm gonna give you a dollar per week until you tell me how it's done. Dude, that's so genius cuz I text him like I said send me the cart, Jason. Send me the cart. But he's the launches. He didn't say anything. So now I'm just going to do You should I'm gonna do this every week. I'm paying you a dollar. Shout out Shout out you Jason. Um Okay. Yeah, it's not Jason the goat. Yeah, good. Good. A good audio interview with him. Go subscribe. Watch that. Did you like that? I tried to ask him, like I said, I tried to ask him questions he's never been asked before. Did he say that was a good question to I mean he's he did he said that which I was like okay that's a sign. That's a sign. Yeah. Like if they aren't saying that I'm like I just want to end it because I'm like dude I'm doing it. So, like if they're not asking a question or they're stalling like Zack, do have you worked with Zach Rosson yet? Do you know Zach Ros? Nope. Dude, his stunfree sales teams are on like a lot of big offers. Like million a month. Like he's lowkey, dude. He lives Are you in Arizona? Yeah. Okay, I'll connect just you cuz like you guys should talk cuz he's just in the know with like dogs and he's just a low-key dude. Probably lives right by you. Um, does he, what was I saying with that? Oh, yeah. He would just say, "That's a good question. I think to buy time because he didn't know what to say back." So, I was like every time, so I just called him out on the live. I'm like, "Zack, you're just saying that just take your time." He's like, "Yeah, you got me." Yeah. You can sit there, pause, and think about it and just Yeah. What? Yeah. Elon Mus style pauses where he's just like two minutes on. Yeah. Just thinking. Sam Ovens, dude. Don't When you say the price, don't say anything, dude. is pause just never forget I have someone on my team who's beat Sam at his own pause. I have a 13 minute uh pause to sale uh recorded. If you want to hear it, I'll send it to you. It's crazy. It's so tough. Yeah, I want to hear 13 minutes of silence. 13 minutes silence. What? How are you still friends with Sam? Yeah, I think so. But like uh you would assume that we talk every day if I said we're friends, but like we're friends. We're friends that I showed up at school HQ randomly a few months ago and he let me just hang with his team. Uh, did you ever did you ever have the opportunity to partner at school? I did and I passed on it. I actually didn't think it would get to the point Lesson learned is like don't doubt Sam Evans ever. That's like the True. Yeah, man. Come on. You shouldn't He's I always told people he's going to be a billionaire, go broke um on school. Yeah. It looks like billionaire is probably the move you should have bet on. Uh yeah, it's probably the should have been that's probably the that's Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Like stock options and everything else were on the table for me early. Like I was there the day obviously we bought came over and told me he got school.com and then it was just in preree. We were using consulting profits to parlay to school. Yeah. Also, I'm super happy with how everything worked out. I don't like wake up regretting that I passed on it. However, like played out different for me for sure. Huh. What was your first step off once you starting stopping marketing for consulting? Where did you what did you move to next? What did you launch? Astro brand. That was astro flipping. Dang, bro. Just just a banger. Just did you didn't even have a down moment. You just went right into went right into it and hit it. Yeah. And then Yeah. Like after that I started failing. Uh but then we we caught we caught really good initial luck like because I went back to what I knew. I was like shoot call close funnel. I just taught this stuff. like I'm gonna go estate a market that I had taught people.com. I worked at Clever Investor as director of marketing. So market model that I had just taught to a bunch of people and see way to make it work. Um product high ticket price point um that I knew like it hit all four fits for me. Launched with a channel that I was really good at, Facebook ads. So like I took all the variables out of my first offer. Yeah. Um, what was I gonna say on that? What was I going to say? I just question about webinars. Of course, not webinars. It's a really good pause though, Josh. You look very stoic and pensive. Elon must pause. I'm Oh, I know. What are your thoughts on Iman Godzi? Dude, I'm uh my first thing that came to mind is like I'm really proud and happy that he bought consulting.com since that's like some of my legacy. Uh dude, did he ever hit you up? Why didn't he hit you up to part? Why didn't I don't know. I'm gonna ask I'm gonna ask him at WAP since we're both now entangled with when I go out there next. Um dang. How are you entangled with W? I found it for free because I genuinely like I'm so proud of the work that we did there. One of my most focused potent time. Legacy. Yeah. So like I foundational text. I'd be happy to work on it. Um I'd be hon what how are you entail W? You have offers payment crossing through there. Uh yes that too. Like we're and we might just switch over everything here to to WA. So I'm going out there this week. I'm going to be out there. I will. Yeah. I the members area I like if I'm doing mid ticket high ticket I don't have any reason to not use swap other than fees. But if you're just big enough, you make enough money, then you just gota Yeah, we we can we can we can uh Right. Exactly. So that make more money. So people always complain. They're like these fees school these fees for here. I'm like, bro, just make more money and then give them reason. Yeah. And plus like they have enough demand as a marketplace now to take it seriously for low ticket, right? Like you can just put stuff on there and it can it could pop on discovery. So, same thing with like certain market places they reach a tipping point where it's it's like low ticket relevant for you with much more work. So, I always tell people like the uh the lowest if you don't want to do financing or transact through WO then throw up like a a mini course of spend off of your core and just throw it up on Wob and just see what happens. Get some traffic. Yeah. See if even like indexing like I like you in school how if you keyword like their SEO is actually really good. Like you type it is. It's like what the freak? I don't even know. like it just pops up like you need you are like all of it you might as well you might as well own and even if it even if it is a gated front end and there's no community you don't even let them in link yeah heck yeah like it'll work do you use send for text what do you use do you do blue text your webinars I need to get on that wave because I was like talking about it five years ago I don't use blue or brevo or link blueue or any of the competitors that are oh there's multiple I thought it was only Send Blue. Dang. Yeah, like if there's Send Blue um who I think became Bravo, and then there's Link Blue. Um and then there's actually one more. I'm blanking on who it is. So, if someone can let me know, each one has different integrations and features. I've heard good things about all of them. Um so, is that one? Oh, yeah. Yeah. But like if you're asking me, generally speaking, like are blue bubbles the way? Yeah, for sure. Like especially with markets. Yeah. Yeah. Like put that in there. I agree. Blue levels are uh I don't do that trick. What do you use for text right now? Uh just close, which isn't great. Like send blue or link cap is gonna have way better open rates. Dang. Where are you if you build web uh all your funnels and webinar optins custom like on WordPress or is it all very fancy now? It can get fancier as we go on, but yeah, like a lot of times we're still using ClickFunnels uh for LPs and Yep. So, let's go. Yeah. Like, should we have a dedicated like WordPress with super high load times? Probably, but we're not. I like hearing that because I feel like our says, I'm like, do we really like I don't know. I don't see the point, but maybe. Yeah, maybe. Brand brand brandwise. Um, for so for J that offer, was it webinar or callunnel? Callunnel. Like, were you doing direct to cart? Oh, it was callunnel. No, not not direct to cart. At least not initially. That was fun, too. There's um you guys want to see it. This is This is probably old enough now where I can share it verbatim leak. Yeah, actually I'll put I'll put you up to request. So, if you guys hit that request, I'll show you the whole Astro flipping. That was our top year in 2022 for Astro. We planned for about 18 million, did about 20 on that offer, and it all came to fruition. It's like I keep that marketing plan because a lot of times you're like it's not our best year. Like sub 2 has had years where we did 60 million but there was the marketing plan was irrelevant from what happened. So it's a lot of times it's like oh shoot this just emerged because of scale, momentum, luck, velocity other stuff. This one actually like we tracked almost verbatim and hit all the targets. Did everything that we could to do that. So it's an actual blueprint to get into 20 million. So that's what I love about this plan in particular. Okay. Yep. I've never given that away either, Josh. That's also an exclusive. Also an exclusive. Yep. I don't even know how people are gonna I mean I Wait, request access or can you can you can you actually see that? I thought I put it I can I can see it, but I don't know if the chat I don't know if that goes to them. I think it's just internal if you want. If you don't want to have to. Everyone, let's do some Here's how you're going to get access to it. You got to go subscribe to Nick Fisher on YouTube. All right. Oh, thank you, man. go subscribe and then once you subscribe, come back under this video and then say something. Say like one just because webinars ones and twos. Drop a one or a two and then people who don't say long enough, they're like, "Why is everyone commenting one or two?" And then and then and then I will send you the link. I'll have my VA send you the link and then you'll get it. So, you gota go subscribe and then we're gonna we're gonna call you 20 times. Uh yeah, we have a custom. We're tracking this link and then we're going to send $1 to you every single week. All right. Until you buy something, but we know our numbers, so we're going to profit. Yeah. Yeah. We're going to profit there. The offer yet. Yeah. Dang. What? Okay. Last thing. Um before because I'm watching my sisters. They're having fun swimming. I'm watching them right now. They're vibing, but they're they're gonna get hungry. I'm in babysitting duty. Um, dude, good man. Why why come public? What do you want to get out of building your brand? Like what connection hiring? Like what's the because I feel like we're in an era where people like to hear like just like what is the the point? No, I I swore I would never do what I'm doing now and like pop out. Yeah, but there's you'll think you'll But here's the thing. Do you think you'll actually stay consistent with it or be is there like do you actually want to do this? No, I don't. Uh I don't I want to talk to like you like whoever's listening to this like especially Josh your audience I want to talk to you guys. Yeah. After I exhaust this audience that wants to learn from me and I get into this motion where I'm like to grow more I have to be someone who I don't want to be or not curious about the people that I'm going to interview in order to get more clout, more fame, more wreck. That's when it's a no for me. End it. Yeah. So this will be this will be you have like a safe word for your team. Like you're going to be like hey guys like she's they know when to just pull you off. Get off YouTube. Take out his channel. But it's it's it's when I say low ticket three times in the mirror. He's gone too far. Yeah, he's gone too far. When I start Yeah. No. No. There's no safe word yet. Um it it'll die its natural course when it when it's meant to be. people people have this like like when Timothy Shaé does like a three-month press run in order to get like a best picture at the Oscars or whatnot, it's pretty transparent and he's pretty overt about it. Me, I don't know when I'm going to stop. It's probably somewhere between one, two, let's call it three years is when I'm consistent for this. Um, and the reason being you better enjoy it. Yeah, maybe I'm wrong, but I'm I am enjoying it right now. And it's fun. It's fun. I'll keep doing it. um let's say when it's not fun, it's going to be a chore and I probably will stop doing the reps and I won't want to. And I have enough break to do it for a while, but not like forever. So um that's that's what it is for me and the motivations to getting into it. Initially it was this was the impetus of um Pace I I was teaching marketing f u funnels and branding to our uh mastermind clients. Funny. Pace had told him they all need to do 21 podcasts in order for him to like respect them in the next year. I was like, "Oh, shoot." Okay. So, I got to as the one teaching this stuff, myself. So, at first it just started with like this is this is my commitment to this group. Um, then it became, okay, what could I actually get out of this that I've seen get out of this? And I've seen personal brand like a 100x multiplier for him uh of just like inbound. if I cold DM someone with 3,000 IG followers way different than him with half a million, right? Or a million. Um, so I'm like, cool, the access I could get insane. And if I make, similar to like Ryan Clog, like when I interviewed him, I'm like, bro, we were thinking along the same wavelength. I'm like, I just did I reread Expert Secrets and Russell's like his three things are like basically make a dream 100, interview the people that you want. It's a huge reread it. That's sick. Yeah, it works, dude. It works. It's It's like I don't know if it's like the universe or something else, but it works like it's crazy when I've said that they they come about like it always happens somehow. Yeah. Yeah. Cuz like it's it's funny because like uh like earlier Josh if I'm like yo bro like please come on to my YouTube show or my podcast or whatever I want to call it and you're like easy yes. Right. But if I was like hey bro I just pick your brain for an hour. That's a way worse frame to enter on. That's just like that's so true. Yeah. where I benefit zero. Yeah. No thanks. Like n Yeah. Heck no. Yeah. Even Oh, yeah. That's so true. It's a way to Oh, yeah. I think there's selfish reasons for sure. Like I mean, obviously I even got one thing from this where it's like activation. Like I'm taking that I'm ripping it. It's like well two hours, you know? It's well worth it. It's like Yeah. But I think uh people should enjoy up front. So you don't know that going in always. That's true. That's true. But uh that's cool. No, I uh big fan. I'm glad that you're coming public. I always I'd heard about you and Mark would mention you and I'd always try to find your stuff like I would just be looking like he's got to have something somewhere. I was purposely found to be found like Yeah. He's like you're publishing your I found like a how do you pronounce it? Agenta or Aenta? Yeah. Aexa. Sorry. As I found it. I was like I thought I found something that that was it. And then I was like dang it dude. So, once you start posting, really excited about that. And uh yeah, for everyone, I mean, anyone watching it this far in, there obviously people that want to to go deep in our like actual people love this game. So, whoever is watching it, go subscribe, go support Nick's stuff. And if you subscribe, drop a comment somewhere of what you want to learn. I'm just dishing out like I have an internal loom and SOP database from the last six years of building all these companies that I'm just like trying to find people that want this stuff and want to consume it. So, if you comment something, good chance I have it. I'm going to deploy it. Yeah. So, if you want the marketing plan for astral flipping, wish 100 million. Uh, never shared before. Make sure to go subscribe to him, then come back to this video once it's uploaded. Drop a two in honor of webinars and we'll get it to you. Um, what was I going to say? Oh, um, frick. Dude, I keep forgetting. I was going to say something on top of Oh, um, your content. Oh, yeah. Who what deals are you trying to get? What type of person like are you for the next launch of the future because either in case I know some people random people or are you trying to take on new brands or are you just focused right now? We we are and if you know one in anyone in like personal finance who like fancies themselves the next Dave Ramsey bring them to me. I'll give you that specifically. Yeah. Female or male? Could be either. Doesn't matter to me. How big do you want them to be before you work with them? Most ideal is 1 million subs on YouTube plus with good average retention and average watch times there. Okay, that's most ideal. No team existing. No team existing, no infrastructure existing or they could they could have one or two and we could build around that. But yeah, like if they have a team of 20 already, they're probably not going to be a good fit because they're not going to value. They're not going to let you. They're not going to let you. Yeah. Too many gigs. Okay. Yep. Okay. I'll keep my eye out. We'll keep if you guys if that's you, hit him up or if you know people guys, send them over to him. Um yeah, I'll keep I'll keep checking. Would you Oh, uh do you need a Are you doing do you do JV? Like your brands do your brands JV or affiliate other offers? We sure do. And is the the bigger they get, the less choose or the more choosy that they are. But yeah, certainly that's been a that's usually acquisition channel three or four for us is always affiliate JB. Would you want recepts? Do you need a resip to do it? Not always. No. Okay. What? Okay. I just because I know there's some other like things are related that we could send or you want like a reset from pace. Yeah. It's going to be different than like a reset. Oh yeah. Not right. You ain't getting that. You can't you got to work for that one. But okay. I just I'll see. I'll let you know. And if anyone's watching this, if you know I put you never know who's watching. So I just like the You never know, dude. You probably got quite the eclectic audience with the topics that you're preaching right now. I imagine so many random people, dude. We got all sorts of I'm always like, who the freak are you? Like I never knew these people existed. Um hire are you hiring anything right now? Yes, dude. If you guys are looking to do this, I always tell people like if you're winning the skill set, especially from you, Josh, um you want some place to deploy it that's like lowrisk, come work for some of our brands. I always tell people if you just follow the proven growth strategy that I have, I'll let you do any sort of crazy growth ideas you have after that. Would do you have a form like a because I have 300 offer publishers right now. They all have the copywriter skill set. That's what I They're all previous agency owners, copyriters. What what I'll tell you guys right now is like we have enough opportunities like if you're looking to work with us, amazing. We have enough of those opportunities inbound. What we're constrained by is like what I would call the growth strategist or the some the copywriter who's actually going to take the lead on that and use our resources, our budget, our infrastructure. We have our team in order to aid you. It's like training wheels for doing this stuff. So, if that's you, just hit me up in DMs or comment on anything like get a hold of me in any way possible, but we're looking to hire that person right now. I'll post because I because I train people selfishly to have my own fulfillment partner. So, I just finished two launches from our students and he crushed. So, I broker deals to them and then they've invalidated. So, we have some docs. Obviously, there's people who aren't going to be, but I'll send it I'll mail it to our list and people. That would be huge, bro. Thank you. That would be amazing. They're Yeah, they'll they're probably watching this because they know you do publishing. So, I think Mark has in our content we've like mentioned where Mark's like, "Yeah, my buddy Nick." So, they know who you are. So, you'll get some people for sure. Yeah. Me and Mark have had some good hangs. We usually find ourselves like me and Mark like end up in a mastermind or two together uh every once in a while. Affiliate masterminds are usually in Tony's uh me and Mark both got trapped in a room for eight hours with Tony Robbins doing like Date with Destiny for 10 people. It was intense. So yeah, I think I heard about that. That's crazy. After that it was it was nuts. Well, we'll uh we'll send some people over. But uh I appreciate your time, Nick. Uh, excited for people to watch this and yeah, I'm excited to see what you do in this space. It's gonna be good, dude. Me and you both. Thank you for having me. Hope I see you in Boise September 4th. Okay. Through the sticks. I just texted Ben. He said he wanted me to recommend one other person to speak. So, I'm gonna get on him. All right. And if he if he already had someone else, then we got to Sorry, whoever that is, they have time can come later, but you should come out because Russell's launching offer lab. uh and for you guys. Yeah, it's a great it's very good synergy and you'd also be a great great speaker. So hopefully we can hang in Boise. Dude, it's sick. Let's do it. If if not then then uh the next time. Dude, you're in Minnesota, you said? Yeah. Yeah, Minnesota. I'll be New York City September at WAP 15th of the something. Orlando in two weeks or Creator Hub. You're going this week? Okay. I might go to Creator Hub uh in October. No, it's like two weeks. Okay, we'll figure something out. We'll figure We'll see each other somewhere. We'll see each other somewhere. Dude, good stuff, man. Thank you. Appreciate you. I'll see you, too. Bye.


╔══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╗
║  FONTE: Exposing the $200k⧸day Homeless ClickBank Affiliate & His Secret Business Partner [zpaHl3aUMzM].en.txt
║  VÍDEO: Exposing The $200K⧸Day Homeless Clickbank Affiliate & His Secret Business Partner [Zpahl3Aumzm].En
║  ADICIONADO EM: 04/08/2026
╚══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╝

All right, guys. Welcome back to another episode. Sitting down with Jordan, the homeless affiliate, and his business partner, Kirsta. Uh, probably butchered his name, but these both are legends. Best day profit-wise was what did you guys say it was like 20 or 40 something profit from one of your affiliate campaigns? I know revenue 225 27 revenue-wise for one of your campaigns. I've interviewed Jordan. Uh, this is the third time now. You guys can go watch those ones. We're going deep into what affiliates, lead genen experts, and some of the best marketers in the game are doing right now to advance with AI, uh, and just offers in general. I love bringing on people who are invisible online, but are making some of the most money online because they're in the trenches and crushing it. And so that's what we do on this show. And so, Jordan, appreciate you being here. Thanks for bringing your amazing business partner here, too, is the actual genius behind the media buying. Uh, excited to dive into this. What would you guys say AI wise like use case or AI right now as a marketer? Where should your focus be going towards AI? Like in my mind there's three things. I have three things I think it should be for for you guys AI. Where is the biggest use case right now? Revenue generating use case for your guys' campaigns. You want to go first or you want me to go first? Um, you can go first. You've been doing more AI stuff recently. All right. I think there's no like three things. You got to pretty much be using it for everything, right? Because we're in the phase where um this is like the second evolution. Last like like the past few years have been like your Chad GPTs and that sort of stuff. And that evolved like last last year like both of us me and Yordan were using um AI agents last year like cursor and stuff to build our own internal tools, right? So we kind of led the curve on that and to build like an internal app took like months of going backwards and forward. Now you just pretty much one shot it. The AI agents will build build your uh Facebook ad launcher or your um AI creative tool in like one prompt, right? So like it's evolved so much that if you're not using it, you're like kind of behind. So first one would be like picking up a tool set which uses agents whether it's cursor uh anti-gravity um uh lovable like any of those AI agent driven platforms that would be like you got to be doing that like if you're just using CHP you're behind um I played around with the open claw recently I'm just getting destroyed with it probably like a learning curve but if you look at it um perspective wise guys like Open Claw is at where cursor was last year, right? So, it's like still at the infancy stages. It's probably going to get better over time. Maybe it's like a learning curve thing where you know I got to train it more, but like um you know, outright just using the AI agent to do pretty much anything. Um the biggest thing that's changed in the last sort of couple of months which um I would say is the number two would be like the skills. So finding skills or creating your own skills for the agent so they can like one shot and do the thing uh that it is that you want it to do because um you know you can go backwards and forwards and things get lost in context where if it's a skill and it invokes it when it starts whether it's copywriting whether it's Shopify store development like you can get it to build the stores the landing pages avitorials like you just create an API key and it can do pretty much the entire now uh store management, right? Like it's crazy. Um what I I'm even getting like my agents building my email flows right now. I'm just like, "Hey, go go go ahead. Go go go ham." It's like uh it's on omniscent clicking all the buttons. So like that is where we're at right now. So um so so be like let's talk let's talk lander because I feel like for me like I see the use case and I've got an AI to do most of everything from like taking an offer from nothing to deploying it most every like there's I'm using AI for the copy the written word even like mockups and the course creation you can do that when it comes to landing pages obviously these tools don't always deploy well into go high level directly or Figma like I'm used to doing. Have you found a use case or wire like a setup where you could deploy landing pages? I'm talking like sales pages for info or ecom whatever one shot with AI. Are we there yet with AI? I would say like we're 90% like me and Yan were talking about this earlier today. The only thing that the kind of thing you can't really automate just yet is like the images cuz like that's his like IP of his creativity in his brain. You can't really teach an agent to be creative that way. Probably you could but I don't think it's quite there in that sense. Like you could get majority of the advertorial and leave placeholders for the images and get that part done manually. So I'd say it's like 90% there. If you're using um uh if you're using Shopify, you could easily create 100 landing pages in now with different angles and different things like it will just deploy it on Shopify itself. If you're using external things like affiliate offers or whatever, you could use an API or an MCP to connect to um a funnel builder of your choice um and build get it to build the landers and that and then again, you know, do the manual part separately. Um or you could just use like any hosting provider like Blue Host or whatever. I think majority of them are implementing MCP servers. So, um, it's it's it's pretty much there, but like there's it's just the images like the mo like are you talking about like let's say there's mockups if it's an info product those images or like personal brand images like what images on the lander are you saying it's hard for AI to be done like oneshotted like what images are you referring to on the actual page like the um explainer images like the comparisons of like you can't find them on XYZ and like just the ecom style images I think um and like for like which image do you use for each paragraph like you know what I mean like true it will probably just go and generate something in Image but is it exactly the picture that you want to paint for the text like I think that that's where it's still disconnected but don't get me wrong like there is still like a use case like think about it in in terms of our strategy where we were, you know, brute forcing ads, thousands and thousands of ads and letting the auction pick. You could probably do that with the generic images and figure out which ones kind of get hit on like a bit cap and then attack it. Attack the ones that get some level of traction, whether it's um you know, initiate checkouts or purchases and then evolve them from there. He won't agree with that. He doesn't agree, but Yeah, we were we were talking about this earlier today and it's like when you have a lander, Facebook does not know if the lander converts or not. The bitcap cannot know. So, you need to spend some money testing it. There's like a real testing cost to doing a bunch of landers and testing them. I guess find out. True. But um I think like with um with when you have like ads, Facebook knows like can see some preliminary data and decide where to allocate the spend. So it's a small cost of testing um images or videos versus testing landing pages. So I think landing pages do need more quality over quantity. Um, but if you're willing to burn the budget, then perhaps you could. Um, but it's not going to be the first thing you jump to. You still think, hey, volume you can get away with on ads, landing pages. You still have to be more a little more meticulous with what you're deploying out to convert that traffic. I think so. Yeah. I think for the time being it's really good at like coming up with the angle, the outline, the instructions, maybe even like getting the copy on the page and then just having placeholders. I think that's where it's at. Um, but I think for the images and the rest of the stuff, I mean, give it a year. No, not even a year. Give it like a few months. Six months. Yeah. Yeah. Be there. So what only a matter of time with skills like talk I think people again I believe AI is only limited by your imagination and what you can imagine to be done and how it flows well and I think for people like us where we've done stuff manual like we have our own internal processes and how we would take an offer from nothing to going live right like I know so I know what skill I should have in place but talking to the person here maybe doesn't really know their imagination's too skewed they need us to do creative thinking for them. Walk me through like how your skills are operating together. Like do you have one skill that's calling multiple? Like what's the kind of the assembly line that it's handing off the task together? If you're, you know, about to go launch camp a campaign for an ecom offer. Just an overview. What skills are getting fired and in what order? If you can say it off the top of your head. Usually I do this part so I think I'll just answer this. Yeah. Go ahead. So at first it's market research. I built a skill around a bunch of proms that Mark builds brands uh put in his uh YouTube. So Oh yeah, I remember all these promps. I built a skill around that. So that does the market research. I think that's based on like Stefan Georgie stuff. I'm not sure. Um but it does really deep research like takes sometimes like an hour to do the research on the product. um through are using cloud skills for that? Yeah. Yeah. It's really comprehensive. Um once it's done, I will typically have it do advertorials. So I'll give it like swipes and stuff in the works um from parallel markets. And so say I'm running a dental offer, I'm going to give it a skincare advertorial because both are like aesthetic things where uh similar things work. I will probably not swipe uh someone in my same market because that point just copy the landing page with like sides sucker or something like one of these uh extension, you know, why even bother uh doing that. Um so probably try I always try to approach a campaign in a unique way. I don't really like the whole gripping thing. I think it's kind of dumb. So, um I will typically like have it rewrite something in a parallel market that hasn't been uh yet used on our market. Then I'll have it do a bunch of ads. Typically, I start with image ads. Uh either native image ads or um like the stuff we used to run before on ClickBank stuff. I have two different skills for each one, right? So, depending on the ad format, different ones. Once that's done, I'll usually see the results, have it uh see like which advertorial is doing the best, do ads congruent to the advertorial, um see which ads are doing the best, do advertorials congruent to the ads, do video ads based on the winning angles on the images, which is another skill. And I also have a skill that uses our launcher. So, it'll actually like manually log into our launcher and launch stuff. um because I didn't know how to connect it to the Facebook API. I'm not that smart with tech. Could I can probably figure that out down the line? No, me yet. Um so yeah, that's how we uh how we get started with like a campaign from scratch. We just kind of do the research, do the landing page, uh do the ads, images, and then look at the testing data to evolve the campaign forward based on like learnings of the campaign. Yep, 100%. Um, and then from the media buying perspective, what skills do you have any deployed yet that help with the actual media buying or ad launcher or like what's going on inside of actual Facebook that you guys are using AI for outside of just the creative production? So, uh, this is something that, you know, this is the first tool that we built. This is the one that I told you like it took months and like I recreated it recently in like one shot. So like this is to encourage people like you don't need to be crazy in terms of skill set now. You just need to explain what it is that you need really really um in detail to get the results. So um with AI as you know like the key thing is to uh get what you want out of it you got to give it um pretty much the same in right. So if you give it a crap explanation of what you want, it's going to give you a crap result coming out. So um initially it was just to launch the ads um and you know I kept evolving it into [music] like also doing analysis into also um using the custom strategy [music] which I developed and making everything in like a couple of clicks. Uh then we also added ad spying and then we also added um offer management. So like you literally based on the ad account it'll figure out which offer it is. It'll pre-allocate all the ad copy, headline, URL, all of the things like that. Um and then we also added uh more recently the actual ads manager which is just like a clean ass manager. Um and like doing things like to give an example of like you know saving a whole bunch of time. Um the part where we have to scale where we take the existing post ID and scale like I I can just open up that ad account in the scaling section click um find winning ads. it's going to go and find the winning ads based on criteria and then I just copy the IDs and then press um publish. Whereas you know how inundated that is. You got to actually go into the ads manager, find the ad, click edit, open Facebook comments, get the ID, create the new campaign, put all the IDs. Like that's like a couple hours work. Like this is uh less than 30 seconds where you can click click click and launch and it's done. And are you developing this tool that you're building out adding on to just all through cloud code right now or did you build it through like a manis or were you in putting all the APIs in and developing the actual this web application that's shortening the cycle for all of this stuff? It's um it's a cursor built app. It's hosted on um uh app platform and also you have to have a Facebook um custom app as well. So the custom app talks to that custom app. It's kind like that's how you integrate into Facebook. Um that gives you the permissions to the pages, the business managers and all that sort of stuff. Is with that custom app, do you need to get that approved by Meta to use it or is it just using their API and you built out the app yourself? If you want to like get more users to use it, like let's say you want to monetize and we charge 50 bucks a month for it for example, then you need to get it official. But if you're using it for internal purposes, um like your BM or like a couple of VMs that you have, you can install that app on the um you can install on the primary BM and then share it to the other businesses and you can manage all the accounts pages associated with the businesses that have access to that app. Um but yeah, like if you want to go into production and have user tokens and all that sort of stuff, yes, you have to get approved. It's not something that we're looking No. Yeah, I just didn't know cuz some like some people try to get like integrates to like go high level for example, but to build out apps within their thing and use their API, you have to like have them review an app for it even if it's private to then use it and then once they approve it like then you can have it. But I didn't know if like people could make something like this right away or if they had to wait for a meta to approve anything. But it sounds like you don't need to. No, you're all good. Like but you say like for uh for go high level to use an app and go high level you need to get them to approve it. My friend who's building out he was building out something for his insurance re they resell leads to insurance agents and they wanted to have some sort of functionality with high level where it had more control. Uh, I forgot the exact reason why, but he had to submit an app to like their app store, even if it was private something, and then wait till it got approved to have that done. And I also know someone else, Riley, I might be watching this. He said something about that too, like waiting for a go high level to approve some sort of app. So, I didn't know if some sites required you to like submit your code or your idea to have it hosted on there or if it was just like use the API key. just use [snorts] the API key in general. Yeah, we use a lot of like AI APIs. I don't even want to look at the bill, like the monthly bill for that stuff. I'm like, are we actually saving money if we hire like a Filipino to do this for us? It really be cheaper. That's what I think with Open Cloud like I set it all I've got running and I'm like for me having to quality control the output. So I'm using time there plus how much the API costs were and I was getting rate limited so many times even when I was using like a backup and it would like switch between models when it like gap out. I was like dude this that's why I stopped using like at least with man is clawed all these other places I can oneshot something with better quality versus like going back and forth with my stupid open claw. So, I boycotted my open claw and I'm just like, you know what? I'll wait till it gets there in the future. So, you pro to do it properly, you need you need a machine that can run the local models, like a decent local model. Um, that's the thing where like running it on the Mac Mini, Mac Mini is just a uh a terminal thing, right? It just runs the model. It doesn't act sorry, it just runs the agent. It doesn't run the actual local model. So, um, there's the way that I think like the ideal setup for it, and I'm not there yet, like obviously you got to have a whole ton of RAM like to run the bigger models and like a decent RTX um, either a commercial card or like a gamer card like a 5090 or something like that. So, it can run some of these bigger models which are actually pretty decent locally. Um, and then you just use the opus for the planning side of things and then that actually does a lot of the execution. Um, and that's basically how you would set it up properly. Um, and also I think AMD just released like a machine recently that is specifically for AI. Can't remember what it's called, but um that probably will run the bigger models. Uh, it's AMD Ryzen Halo it's called. M and that that basically will be really really good to run that model because it'll be able to run these um uh bigger like I think 48 billion parameter models which are the decent level and upwards. So um that's basically what I think is the shortfall with that model. Um if you're hitting the API limits obviously there's other skills as well like the QMD and the super memory. So like it kind of confines things as well um for and stuff and yeah I think that but yeah it's a learning curve right I I said the same thing like uh it's just still in this infinite lot of these problems will be solved as time goes by but yeah now one thing I want to talk about kind of moving on from AI is bid caps now I know you you helped us in our team with bid caps and did call with us. That helped us a ton. Um, our campaign's been scaling great. Our CPA's been holding like no no issues there. And that's been a huge unlock. Talk to people aren't really aware of that method. What you had shared with us, how you approach media buying these days with big caps or if you added on to that philosophy, what's kind of your methodology going into it? Um, and also why did you ban Jordan from buying media? What was he doing wrong? Just kidding. [laughter] Um, so the this let's start with why I banned him. I didn't ban [laughter] him. The homeless affiliate exposed camp, you know, I'm more like this is my lane. Let me do it because I don't want him I want him to focus on his uh, you know, source, right? He's really good at the copyrightiting and stuff. Like there's no point of overlapping and contradicting one another. Um, that was pretty much the main reason. I really don't care. But, um, you know, I just I think in terms of experience and scale in in the campaigns, like I just have a lot more gut feeling and he's and he tried to make some agents and he's like, "Fuck, you know, you can't replace the gut feeling shit." Um, that's true, man. That's true. And yeah, so I think that um the key thing for me uh with bid caps is that you have more control over the campaign um for scale. Um and we when we were doing uh you know 200k a day, we're using a mixture of uh bidding models. So bid cap was probably majority of the spend, but we're also doing auto and a little bit of cost caps as well. So, um the different bidding models serve different purposes and this is like hella confusing for different people. Um everyone like a lot of people are just taught to run the auto bid and think that that's the way and um that introduces a lot of volatility in the account because naturally Facebook is an auction and there's fluctuations daytoday and how many advertisers are in particular days. Some of these lead genen guys don't run on the weekend, so there's a spike of inventory. So, it's going to try and spend more of your budget and it's not going to get you the results. So, setting these specific cost metrics and giving it a limit um will try to push the uh results down. Um, but it, you know, obviously when you're trying to scale to exponential levels like, um, over 100k spend, um, you're going to deplete all the lowhanging fruit below that u threshold. That's why like the auto campaigns refill the funnel with the lower hanging fruit as well. So, um, they all help one another in an eco e ecosystem. I know some people will debate that um it's inefficient to run auto and bitcap in the same account, but um I I think that it's necessary at like exponential levels. If if the bid cap stops spending and you got no funnel, then Facebook thinks the bid cap is performing crap. So, it's like uh unraveling snowball rather than the slow snowball going in your favor. It's going backwards. And then when it comes to like bids, when you go out there, like if with your ecom offers, like are you taking the approach where you like to bid uh like are you testing multiple different bids when you're going out there in it? Like what's kind of your process for testing different bids in your campaigns? And like how long do that run before you tell you always have multiple bids running? So um we usually have like a a baseline, right? So, Yodan will run auto bid usually first and I kind of get a feel uh for what would the right bid would be and we try that. Um, but usually it ends up being below one time target CPA, right? So, if the AOV is 100 bucks and u your target is 80 bucks per sale, it'll probably be a little bit under that. to like maybe 80 oh sorry 78 77 72 33 like some something like that would be the bid to start with and then if it's not spending you can increase it you know 1.2 1.3x I'm not really [clears throat] gung-ho and going super aggressive with the bids because then you're basically just doing an auto bid and it's not doing the purpose which you're trying to do. So yeah, in the cases where I need to jack bids up so high, it's better to look at the funnel and the other parts of the things that might be broken. Gotcha. Gotcha. Yeah, that's definitely been a big a big unlock for us on our campaigns and with you like when you're testing too before scaling campaigns like you're doing bid all the way through auto or new manual. Are you doing bid capture with all the campaigns from the get-go or do you test in a different format before that? So we usually test with auto but we've also at scale run a like tests in bitcaps because they would spend as well. So it's like you can't actually run just bid caps. Um but it depends on how much data Facebook has. Obviously the more data it has the more confident it is to send your ads out. So um for us because we were launching so many ads in a particular day like hundreds if um a day uh obviously testing with auto wasn't really efficient in that particular point where we could use bid caps and they were spending and giving us the data back in that use case. But you know usually starting new accounts is pretty hard uh to get bid caps going off the go. I know people that have, but like usually want some bit of data. What would you do then? Like if you couldn't get them off the ground, newer account, not enough data. What are you starting with or what's your testing process then? You go back to like what do you go back to then if you can't start off with big caps? It would just be auto bid pretty much. Auto bid. Yeah. Yeah. You mean like in terms of structure? Oh, yeah. the campaign structure I guess more so like are you still spamming the market with millions of ads and this is when like what's your kind of like the testing I might test like 50 ads to start with at most um usually likeish [laughter] 25 or 50 ads typically um now the structure I choose depends on the payout so if the payout's like three bucks I will just launch every single ad in its own adset [ __ ] and just evaluate the performance of each ad individually. So like if I'm running like loans or something, right? Yeah. So I just structure it like a um each asset is has one ad in it and it's an [ __ ] and each of them have like 10 bucks a day budget and that works just fine. Now, if the payout's like slightly higher, I might do five ads per adset [ __ ] each asset as a concept. Um, like some angle, avatar, persona, whatever. Um, and usually like if the payout's like over 50 bucks, 60 bucks, I'll just do like a CBO with uh 20 um $50 budget and 25 ads in it and see where Facebook allocates the spend because obviously like if I were to test every ad individually, I'd be burning 5,000 bucks a day, which is just not efficient at that point. Yeah. And what would you say like now kind of zooming more back out to just the market? I always I'm always curious because you guys live in a side of the game that like I just not in fully and I'm always curious like that it moves so fast. So like what would you say like going into the year so far? What have been some of the biggest changes in terms of like where affiliates and offers people are really jumping like back to like legion now? That was big or now on the affiliate. What changes in the market? Like how is the pendulum swinging now because of you know the evolution of AI and now everyone it seems like is able to push massive creative or even since we last talked like I'm sure when we shared all your sauce last time Jordan like everyone probably came was like I'm going to do that too and then it swung the other way. So like where have things swung? What's been changed? And like what like where do you see things heading towards now to kind of call kind of predict the future here? I think I hope um the whole black hat wave kind of settles. Um I saw like Meta is putting out some lawsuits and stuff like suing advertisers that are breaking policies now. So hopefully that sort of brings some of the life back into like ClickBank and stuff like that. Um I do know that almost every affiliate I know Oh, Josh left us. That's funny. That's funny. Are we alone in the live now? What? You're muted. But uh did you leave us? Did you bounce up? Yeah, it refreshed me for some reason. Well, what I was trying to say is like we could have given the people what they want. Everyone's like wanting the black sauce. So, [laughter] when wasn't here, we could have just Now we can go. [laughter] No. Well, the thing is I think um a lot of people are crying. That's what I'm hearing a lot in the market now. Everybody's like telling me how nothing works. I've been feeling that as well to be fully honest. Like I've launched a bunch of stuff, very low hit rate compared to last year and stuff I'm testing like uh new offers. Things are harder to scale right now. Obviously with the war and stuff, it's going to be a bit harder to scale stuff in general, but I've been feeling just the auction is not the same. Like it just I don't know if it's an algo update or what's happening. It's just getting a bit harder. So, the only people I know that are like really scaling are the Bisup guys right now. They're they're ripping it, but Facebook is doing a huge ban wave. Seems like I'm speculating here, but I think they've had some sort of a letter from the FTC or some regulatory agency, maybe the DOJ. So, they seem to be tightening compliance a lot and everybody that's not running by the book seems to be getting shut down. I have a good friend that does like account on bans and I've been sending him all like tons of clients this past week because everyone's like saying my account's banned. My account's banned. Can you help me get get it back? And he told me like, "Bro, I cannot even keep up with all these people because everybody's messaging me now." Like, wow. Everybody's getting banned. Everybody's getting disabled. Even us when we make a new account in our business manager and we add like payment info, it makes us like go back and forth with support now versus just letting us run like we used to. So, it's been it's been interesting seeing the compliance tighten and hopefully that kind of brings the balance back to the good side of things. Um, regarding like what works on marketing, I think it's just going to be more landing pages. That's my theory. It's like whoever can get the best at producing a lot of landing pages for each specific ad. That's the person that will scale the most. Um because really they just um they just have the highest conversion rate. So they can pay the most per impression. I saw something I remember there's like a saying by some marketing guy. I think it was Dan Kennedy or something. He said like whoever can bid the most to acquire a customer wins. But I don't think that's true. I think what's true is whoever can pay the highest CPMs to reach a customer, that's who actually wins. So, you just got to raise the conversion rate and um have super custom funnel pads to do that. And then you can pay more than everyone else to have um your ads shown and that's how you actually win in the auction. And with the multiple landing pages, would you like to do that? Would it just be like like how I think about it like for you know the offer we're doing there's different outcomes people want from like the solution they can get from our product like different like sports that they want to get back to doing right so I'm think oh I could target like golfers and like like speaking directly to them because a big one of our avatar that like wants to get back to golfing and like sell them the outcome on that and then it's just a campaign all ads targeting those people landing pages for those people. Is that what you're saying? That more like the avatar, their pain points, their situation like hyperpersonalized. Yeah. So, I won't leak your market, but let's say your market is nerf pain, which is what um if it's nerf pain, uh they let's say they you might hit people that want to like be able to walk easier, people that want to be able to drive again. Yeah. So, you would different ads to your main kind of funnel. Yep. And then whenever you find something that works, like say people really want to drive again, that's a really good angle for nerve pain specifically. So you have a funnel like the landing page would have like the headline like how people are getting rid of nerve pain and getting back to driving in 6 weeks or less without pills xyz. Um so it's just hyper dark is the pain point. the story would be more focused than the testimonials around people being able to drive again, people being able to do all this stuff again. So really, I think it's about figuring out the desires and the avatars and then creating funnel paths for each desire in each avatar. Perfect example, I'm running a skincare campaign, right? Um, and I did a bunch of testing. It turns out these women that look old, it's really important to them to look younger than their neighbor. That's like their biggest pain point. Like works well. My So I made like a landing page uh that says my neighbor and I used to look the same age. Now she looks 20 years younger than me. What happened? And there's a story like how with before and afters AI generated like how two ladies are looking the same age and one looks younger and tells her about the skin cream and she starts using the skin cream all this stuff. So that's a really effective um angle there, right? And you can just take that core desire and put it on the landing page. You say veterans are working very well, right? Like if you're running a tinitus campaign, that's a really good angle. Like veterans um suffer from tinitus because obviously like the gunshots and the bombs and stuff like that. Yeah. So can run how I got rid of my tinus and it's a story of a veteran. That's kind of how I think about it. Um what if for the most part I'm thinking for like low ticket. We do a lot of TSLs and like for a low ticket. I was thinking like imagine if we just had ads hyper specific then go to a prelander or like an avitorial it's hyper specific and be like oh the solution is this product and then sends it to our jet like our current TSL and sales page that' be a lot easier redoing the whole TSL we currently have now have you done anything like that where like pre-land or hyper niche building up the desires this that just going to a normal order form kind of like how ecom does yeah that's what we do I would test that and I would also experiment with doing some custom code where oh yeah each ad is a unique UTM parameter and the UTM just says um which ad it is and the exact landing page just changes like the headline for example um say it comes from a veteran ad if it has the keyword veteran then the landing page the headline speaks about veterans that should be pretty easy to do with custom code. Um, again, like don't let tech limit your marketing. So, I need to hire someone. But, um, yeah, it's a huge competitive advantage if you can do that, to be honest. Like, I think it's going to work super well if you try it. Mhm. Very cool. Also, if this just randomly shuts off, guys, my laptop's on 1%. Oh, there's my charger. Let's see it. Thank you. Dude was about to die. Oh, 1% living on the edge. Double Josh's wife. Shout out my wife. We our apartment's like so far. She walked all the way down. She was like, I got you. Praise God. Otherwise, wait, do you have an office in your apartment or is it just like you can in the apartment there's kind of like how you have a wei work? It's like built in. Nice. Oh, that's really cool. That's Yeah, that's very normal. Like where I'm moving, we're moving to uh I'll have a home office in the summer. We're moving to the cities and there though, like I'll have my home office, but in the building they have like 10 to 15 private offices. They have conference rooms, tons of co-working because a lot of people work from like most people live in these types of places. They all work from home or like sales reps. Like we live right next door to the uh head like head sales manager of Hershey's. So she's just chilling. Damn. We got people who like target pharmaceutical sales. Like everyone here is in sales pretty much sales and or freelance like their own businesses. Like if you go It's really funny how they're like surround yourself with like you know paid you know the more you pay you'll be around other people. It's so true. Like the fact that this is just a little bit higher rent in a nicer zip code. You're immediately around people who can afford that and they're all like just sal like sales consultants, private equity, like everyone I talk to like just always wanted to. So yeah, bro, [snorts] like that's why I like the buy so much and I'm so sad I couldn't go for affiliate world, dude. Did do you think affiliate world like talk about like that the repercussions that was crazy? Like I know Iman Godzi also had a mastermind going on that same time. Like think about all the masterminds, how much money they lost, too. Things getting cancelled. Like that's that sucks. Yeah. Think about being an airline. Jesus. Like how much losses being what? An airline. Oh yeah. like brutal. I also I don't want to be sound des like not sensitive to the fact that people are like dying and stuff like that. That's also bad too. like and like we have friends like I went on a trip to Dubai. Um people from our church they're there so we have friends on the you know in Dubai living there and so they're all good and okay which it's just crazy though like I knew Ryan Clog halfway there on a flight from New York had to just turn around and go back and it's like dang what a crazy go lucky go lucky that's what you did. Yeah, bro. I I guess it's sad like overall because like I guess it disturbs the piece like such a nice place and stuff like very peaceful and very positive energy and you know kind of disrupts that and obviously um I guess a lot of people are concerned for safety and stuff fleeing and all this sort of stuff. It's like so sad to see from an from outside like all of the things that are repercussions of um the events and like um Yeah, it's crazy. Yeah, it is like and think about like obviously how much Dubai has done to try to increase tourism, people moving there, like safety, security, like how many people are now going to be like spooked by that. And it's like yeah, it's a it's an amazing country like being there. definitely loved it and it was like could I being there just the people and even just like we spent a lot of time in the camps around the outside of the city and just like everyone there like just couldn't imagine crazy. Yeah. Well, gota got to wait it out, focus, make some money so good thing that came out of it now. Real estate prices are down. No, now that now the casinos won't be able to recruit more affiliates at Affiliate World, right? Well, well, I'm pretty sure they have all the affiliates they need. They own like 50% of the market share at least. Also, casino isn't even that black hat, bro. Like, oh, yeah. Here in Macedonia, I'm in Macedonia right now where our office is. Um, we got the highest uh number of casinos per capita. It's like the biggest business. So yeah. Uh very used to casino where you're from like online guess actual physical like is it just like where the business is physicals? Wow. Physicals. Yeah, bro. Like every street you go down it's casino casino casino. Uh quick loans uh fast loans like one of those shops so you can like borrow the money, go gamble it, and then the lone sharks come to your door. Have you, bro? How do you not get a dam a gambling addiction living around that? Right. I'm not into gambling. That's more of a gambling. You do a different way. [laughter] He gamles on stocks. That's his thing. Really? Yeah. Um, not with my money though. With the prop firms money. Oh, dude. I knew I knew some people like when it comes like prop firms or trading like one guy's his trading offer his head of sales like for his trading info offer left being ahead of sales because he's making more money trading using the mechanism they're selling than that and I was like bro what a beautiful sales pitch that's that's the common trade the people that can actually trade don't sell courses and have time to like explain and go through all the things so like um I'm learning from someone else that is in uh categories like um you know doesn't care about the money aspect of teaching people is just like is actually passionate about it. What what would you say like for you guys? What skill do you need to grow in to hit the next level you're trying to reach? Like what's the next version of you two that you need to adapt and like be become proficient in? managing our time and our like actually being disciplined with using like project management really is what we need to be good at because uh we were just two guys last year and it was very easy to communicate and like plan things but all of a sudden we got this frankly small team right but it's becoming inefficient where I see like people are spending sometimes weeks with no work because we just haven't allocated enough work to So you just need to get you don't have campaigns that are going like that's just the ups and downs of the business like Yeah. True. And I think that the the problem with this year I mean I mean that's normal in like entrepreneurship like you always have your es and flows like sometimes you have like really crazy campaigns. I guess like um the key thing for us is obviously the mindset to push through all of this [ __ ] period of time because that's just normal like you can't just you know it's like a market you can't just go like that right you got to have your dips and continue up so I think the um the downtime sometimes is a necessary part and it's not like we stop moving when we do have the downtime like obviously right now we're like polishing and refining our tool set Right? So, we're building agents, we're building skills and all these things. So, like there could be a period where two or three of us crack at once and now we have the firepower to scale all three of them. So, while you know probably inefficient right now, we're kind of building our war chest in terms of um deployable um resources when things are going a bit better. That make sense? Mhm. Mhm. Because we we did this last year at this time, the same exact we had like a down period after like a strong campaign. So, it's it's just normal like um but the thing that we did is obviously build out the tools and that's what led to the success 2 or 3 months later after that um shortfall because we had all these resources like we could throw out thousands of ads. Now, we can probably, you know, build Shopify stores and horizontally scale 10, 20, 30 verticals with advertorials and all of this stuff. So, um, while, you know, we might not be killing it 100% of the time, we're always like innovating and building on our tools and team so that we can, you know, push the next boundaries. Something that I think I struggle with personally is like delayed gratification. So because I've been doing affiliates for the past like two years or something um pretty much exclusively I'm used to like I have an idea I launch it same day see if it works if it doesn't work I kill it. Uh so when I'm working on something which the super big payoff like the super long large payoffs usually take some time like get it up and get the whole thing built I just lose motivation halfway through and that's something I need to like retrain myself on. So, as we're doing more ecom stuff, obviously like sourcing the product and making the funnels and doing all this stuff, it takes more time. And I'm like, I just want to push it. I just want to like slam it. And even though we don't have fulfillment, just don't ship the product. Screw that. No, I'm kidding. [laughter] Ship the product. Ship the product, but let's let's make a bunch of mess and figure it out after because I'm impatient, right? So that's something that I personally like need to train myself on a bit more, which is like just take on projects that take a longer time to have a payoff. It like realistically we have enough money to cover our expenses. So we might as well just like take on projects that pay more over a long enough time horizon are actually going to move the needle for us and what really impact our bottom line. Why not take your guys' skill and speed and ability to scale and then come into a publishing deal kind of like the ones I set up where you can go deep with one brand and like nurture it and grow. Like I'm just thinking like real product, real brand plus the speed of affiliate like some reason like you don't usually see both happen because either gets way too corporaty and like brand or then it gets way too affiliate scale or it doesn't mesh. Like why can't we just mesh it together and like have the best of both worlds? I don't understand why. Why is that happening? Is anyone doing that? Because it's like you go to event these, you know, info marketer dudes who are like just basic marketers. We're not that good of marketers. We're just good at like selling high ticket. We're sales organizations. We're not marketers. And then they're not there is the the the example which I sent you yesterday. You're done with the Tai Chi offer on YouTube with like 225 million views. That's that's what it looks like when you crack it. Yeah. The problem with that, first of all, high ticket, I freaking hate high ticket. When we did high ticket together, you know how many sales we closed out of like hundreds of customers? With Ka, we closed zero sales. We couldn't get a single sale. We had like an internal sales guy and we just jump on the call can't like we couldn't sell and I'm not a sales guy. I'm not a sales manager like um it's very hard to do it. So unless we find like some sort of partnership where we are partnered with a sales guy it would be very hard to do a high ticket deal. Uh regarding brand well that's pretty much what we're doing with ecom stuff. I'd say just um launching that's true products that are like I guess that's where the model makes sense because e-com you don't have to depend on high ticket you can do mass volume and scale so I guess the affiliate world and method bends well with the brand not necessarily info wise but ecom wise but I'm like yeah like why can't like you know with our offer what we're doing that's what I'm thinking like for our team like in my world I want our team to operate like a lead genen affiliate but then obviously like in terms speed, tech, moving quick, testing, m like doing that, right? And then obviously make it blend well with the high ticket ascension. But I guess like the issue we run into is like you guys are so mass volume to sell to anyone who will buy it. You don't care about ascension, but who we send on the front end affects who's on the phone on the back end. So maybe that's where the bottleneck would be. Um I don't know. Oh, I feel like I could scale something like Doug's offer, which we're not going to leak, but um yeah, like why I feel like I feel like I could scale something like that pretty easy, but it's it's a valid question. It's something to consider. I feel like though it might be easier for us to just partner with someone that has like a back end with um like phone dialed in and all that and just um run the front end. That could work pretty well. That's what I used to do before I partnered with I used to like outsource scale fully to the guru and just take a rip of the back end. Yeah. I prefer doing it that way because I'm just not that good at phone sales. Yeah, I'm not either like I I outsource the sales to someone like Zach or Austin. They do their thing and like but that's what I'm thinking like why not I just wonder like and because obviously you go from like the es and flows or like launches or good products and it's like you're constantly doing that like most affiliates do but I'm always like dang like you guys are in this world is like the most elite marketers ever but it's usually in a model that like requires you to like jump from offer to offer and not really go deep on one thing. And I just never I always wondered like what were the constraints and why these haven't blended well together yet. But um Josh on the other side you do see most of the big brands that are scaling like AG1 all these like huge huge brands. They're pretty much all owned by people that used to be huge affiliates. That's pretty much who owns those brands. So it does happen. It's just that the affiliate needs to make a huge shift in his mindset, which I don't know if we're ready for yet to be honest. Like, yeah, it's like you get addicted to this drug dealer money and you need to wait for it to be um gone to like become bored and then Yeah, you need No, not gone. Hope never gone. [laughter] Uh but you need to get bored of it and then you can We don't spend our money. So, at least I don't spend our money at all. So, I don't hopefully not going to be gone. I guess Ka will get his money going because he's building an apartment and um every little expense ends up five times what he thought it was going to be. So building an apartment. Yeah. So um I actually got it pretty cheap compared to current prices. Like I like signed up for it two or three years ago. Um, but like now we're doing like choosing uh the the floorings, choosing the bathrooms and this and that. And then like somehow we get scammed into like the most expensive options like for for for the taps in our um in our bathrooms. Uh, we picked out black chrome, which I didn't know at the time, but black chrome is really expensive and like normal chrome is like onethird of the price. So, it's like [ __ ] All right, whatever. And then the next thing comes up and like we choose the most expensive wood floor cuz it looks the best, right? And then we didn't know unknowingly knew that didn't know that that was the most expensive option. So, like everything is just ending up to cost extra and extra money. So, I'm pretty much sure by the time we're done, it's going to cost um at least like 30 or 40% of the apartment cost to furnish it with all of the the inside. I'm like, what the [ __ ] And and your wife wants that like crazy villa in Dubai or maybe your daughter, someone wants that crazy villa in Dubai. So, yeah. My my my wife keeps joking about the by hills, so I'm like she's not joking, man. Hopefully. Yeah, I know. [laughter] That's awesome. But yeah, I don't know. I think it' be sick if those worlds blended and but I get that, man. It's like big mindset shift and you are taking on a new identity and different responsibilities. Not one is better than the other. Each one has its cons, but I definitely see it as a world where like I think at some point though like even people in info high ticket like dude because think like we're it is seriously just sales and not really marketing and then when sales wasn't working you couldn't do claims then the big thing that saved the market was financing and like doing financing options. That's what say now. But then what happens when that gets in trouble or you can't finance for everybody? Then you have to be good at marketing otherwise your costs won't work with how few you're closing on the back end is my hypothesis. Like that's why I'm so bullish on just becoming better cost effective marketers. Yeah, I think so. like a lot of the um info guys I speak to like they're trying really hard to learn from us and even like asking us like help us out you know because on the affiliate side we are a lot better marketers. I feel like if you had some sort of like a sales manager and like a really strong affiliate come together and run stuff like that would that would print especially if you're in a good market. I think that's the other piece. It's like choosing a good market. True. If you're in a market like I don't know what's trending right now, trading oil, that would that would Did you ever meet that guy who runs that offer? Uh the trading oil, the O formula, the broker bisop. Do you ever run into I have no idea. You don't know that often? I've never No, I thought you were talking about that. No, I just um I just saw that the oil prices are exploding. So, I'm like [laughter] that would be the perfect get into right now. There's a guy who has an offer called O Formula, which is about like brokering oil and you're like an oil broker and he runs VSSL direct like low mid ticket and it's like it it crushes. It's making a ton of money. He's like a little a young Let me let me text uh someone that we should swipe this together real quick. U it's O formula, right? Yeah, it's called the O formula [snorts] for you, bro. Yeah, that's great value. Uh guys, everybody in the chat, swipe this right now. Like, copy the funnel verb. It's going to work. It's like he runs like faceless a lot, too. But it's like it's just like very like like sell oil to like people in like Saudi or whatever. I don't know. That's a really interesting biz because everybody is running make money with AI, make money with agency, make money with real estate. And it's like if you can have make money with oil, that's like super unique and it sounds prestigious. So you can like sell it to these old people that don't understand the internet. Like that's the perfect. Exactly, bro. And he's got like a professional website where it's like start high yield results and it's just like it's so funny, dude. That's the other thing I noticed, Josh. Um, all these guys that scaled super hard on high ticket like Kevin, David, and all these guys that got sued by the FTC, they were all positioning it as because everybody that scales super big almost as sued by the FTC. So that's like a marker of scaling super big. Um so basically um all of them are positioning it as some sort of an investment opportunity rather than like start a business like you saw Kevin David invest in Amazon FBA, invest in this, invest in that. So I think it's kind of interesting that um investment is well yeah dude and the high hire buyer like because nobody who has money wants to start a business and you think about like you think about Jordan Lee Jacob or is it Jordan Lee and Jacob Lev they their whole thing too it's not start a business it's like invest in AI or like corporate professionals so like and think how far they got so I think 100% it's investment but that's why these usually get shut down is because they're promising investment. And then also like certification's big too, things like that versus prestigious or like passive. So, and also here's the funnel. Yeah, that looks really really dope. Where's uh and it's fully faceless like this. That looks like Bash's former offer. Uh, what was that called? Foreclosure Secrets. Uh, are we allowed to leak? Well, I guess he doesn't own it. Yeah, foreclosure academy. Yeah, I don't I just heard from different people. I talked to the dude. Yeah, it is. Yeah, he doesn't own it anymore, so we can leak it. But um basically it it was just a super unique bizop that appealed to these like um guys that are older that have more money because when you sell to older people Facebook's finest clickers, right? People that um are 60 plus. So that's why it worked so well, I think. Well, don't don't pull that up. Don't pull that up. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. I'm I'm joking around. I'm cooking around dressed by [laughter] You're trying to get them sued, man. What the hell? I'm not, bro. What do you mean, bro? It's all public data. I'm just scrolling. I'm just scrolling. Yeah. [laughter] Expose them. I'm trying to find them. Where's their funnel? [snorts] Uh they got ads running. I don't know what the domain is. Uh but yeah, that that offer would used to print. I mean, he sold it for big money. So yeah, you must have made must did something right. They're still running it, dude. Look at that. Oh, yeah. I mean, the people that bought it made Oh, dude. Low ticket. Let's go. And the VSSL is not even displaying properly. [laughter] Oh. Oh, there we go. There we go. Yeah, this is a pretty interesting funnel. Maybe they should uh make it better. Yeah, trying straight low ticket. They used to have a call funnel fully. No, it used to be mid ticket. Oh, yeah. Mid ticket to high ticket. Yeah. Yeah. Other interesting I think the the most interesting ones I found so far like in terms of offers is um the Awesome Real Estate Funnels. Which one? So they they are called Awesome Real Estate Investing. Awesome. R A R Rei. Um wait awesome. Awesome. Like just awesome. Yes. REI. Oh, there you go. Awesomely. Yeah, these guys have I know they did like 100 million or something two years ago. I don't know how they're doing now. That's just a warm-up ad. It's not uh a real ad they're running. Uh you can click on basically any other ad and you'll see their funnels. They have super unique funnels. quietly across the globe with advertorials atic payment pools. Automatic pay rules is How do you think of this, bro? They have insane mechanisms. Make money lending other people's money. I was going to say something racist, but that would get me cancelled here. Oh, you're um you're swiping. Swiping. Yeah, I'm trying to see the offer at the end. I'm not going to sit through a 40minut view. It's a $47 price point. Oh. And it teaches people how to make money lending other people's money. That's this over. Why is it called REI? Uh, basically they have like a publishing brand called Awesome Real Estate Investing. Oh. Um, where they have different they publish different experts. Yeah. So, someone that's a lending expert or a tax lean investing expert or a wholesaling expert. This this one is my favorite. They're just like crazy bisop like they're like like unique bisop. Yes. And on the back end, they have like a high ticket yearly membership portal where you can find coaching and courses for all of these things. [laughter] And it's really high quality stuff like the actual products. Wow. Um I bought one of them two years ago just because I was curious what it is. So they do a really good job. They have software and all that stuff on the back end. I honestly I think the gold publishing company. Wow. Now, it's so funny like you and I have had this conversation multiple times and I I think I'm aware of like the point of why you would use something over another like mass market versus niche, but I'm like I'm you know me, I'm just TSL AC, direct offer, low ticket, ascension because I'm focused on ascension and that's why I do it. But it's also like I see people doing like low ticket classic clickbang VSSL this that and I'm so tempted to do that but I'm also like why would I change what's working? But I'm always like why like those people have a massive scale. Is that because they're going to unaware audiences and making them aware through VSSL and that's the use case to do it or does that attract customers? Like I know even talking to Doug he was like he didn't want to do that type of VSSL because the customer that comes through it isn't ideal but he's not even doing high ticket. Yeah. Well, these guys are doing yearly membership with I think it's like 5,000 bucks a year or something or 500 bucks a month or 5,000 a year. They're selling it on the phone. So, they're running quiz funnels. I've never seen anyone in info run a quizunnel. That's something that really What about this guy? You never seen this guy? Their publishers are from NHB. Trans. Oh, train. thought it would be like some transition offer. It's just like they run all the traffic to a simple quiz like this and then it goes to a gated VSSL which is uh low ticket AC offer. So it goes normally this is gated but then you go down and it's a fiveday challenge but it's low ticket $27. They drip out the videos to you Dayby Day and it's his challenge videos because they did a challenge with them and did a couple mill and then they uh now turned into an evergreen low ticket which I think is pretty smart. That's crazy. Do you know the publisher running this? I did. I forgot his He's some unique name. He's from like probably like where you grew up. He's got a name kind like Kur that does it. I just can't remember it. You know what I'm saying? Like Oh, is that is that the kid from NHB? the one that did like 2 million in a day. Yeah, it's that kid who just had a crazy launch. That's the that that was insane. When I saw that screenshot, I was about to cry. I was like, damn. Took me like a year. It's a YouTube automation bisop man. It's a method. What? Yeah. I mean, even Ne, shout out Ne, he he crushed it with YouTube automation. Yeah. Um Yeah, shout out Ne. What other funnels do you like right now? our uh ads and obviously uh what was what was the name of that Tai Chi? Ju just search Tai Chi Josh. It's gonna come up. Who is it? Uh I sent it to you yesterday. What was it called? Yeah, let me let me There was like a Tai Chi offer that was just ripping, bro. It was insane. I'm gonna put in the chat. What is Tai Chi? Bro, this thing has 225 million views. Probably spent like 15 million plus on this particular app. For sure. Spent 15 million plus. Probably like 20. Where are you sending it? In the chat in the Riverside chat, the YouTube comment, I guess he put it. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Also, this all these different VSSLs. They got trucker one. They got That's crazy, bro. They got it down to a T. They're just duplicating the same thing over and over. I love that. That's fire. Yes. Oh, is this Oh, yes. You've seen it. So, everyone's seen it, right? Everyone's seen it. That's how big it is. Gosh, doesn't equal Jack. And this is all AI generated. So, this is what I mean. Like AI slop is printing. How did what have you found the link to there? Is it like one? Oh, it's mad. Oh, yeah. I think I've seen these guys. Yeah, it's a quiz you go through and it's just one. Dude, what's the economics on these types of funnels? You go to the end, it's like $1 a day or this a year. Like, do those offers rip? Like use like a was that cursive or whatever the AI people? Uh, curs uh yeah. So, uh look up uh health insider. Okay, I'm going to expose some affiliates are actually bigger than us. Um there you go. First guys, these guys from what I heard they were ripping 400 grand a day in spend these apps as affiliates um and just these like AI slope ads. See like now they're running some supplements for weight loss whatever. Um they were the first ones I saw really rip it with the many lander strategy. they would just launch like angles but with congruent um congruent advertorials and they were killing it last year. I don't know how they're doing now. Um but they would scale these apps super high. Lithuanians own the own most of those apps like this one fasting app. Um, so they from what I heard they go negative for 3 months, but the average retention is like seven, eight months on these apps. So you can actually like really rip it on these things. Cuz think about the LTV, like it's insanely high LTV. True. What uh what what what are your favorite ads right now to look at like that you look at? man. I just you just kind of fanboy over their ads and like they're doing really well. Um, [snorts] who's ads? That's a good question. [music] Second, the feds are calling. We're leaking the sauce, bro. The affiliates are calling. Like, stop stop sharing your ad libraries. Yeah, it's [snorts] uh it's the officer like you know social and stuff. Um I don't know man the these guys are these guys are some of my favorite. Yeah. Um most of the stuff that I spy on like I just go in ad library and and search like trick and Dr. Josh Gavin. What? Dr. Josh Gavin. Oh, did you see uh this guy who seen his stuff is this who I to publish my level of health? Like this guy is cracked like three million across like on Facebook alone, I'm pretty sure. Yeah, just on Facebook. Huge brand like Dr. Pompa level. [snorts] and he sends people to like a you do like a kit, right? You pay for the load to get kit and then they do a call with you and then they like sell you. And I one of our reps was sold for him and she kind of told us like how it all worked and I was like, "Bro, this is sick. How much are they making on this, bro? They like multiple millions a month last I heard." Well, that's freaking nuts, man, that these businesses exist. I wish I could Well, you can't. How would you even go about getting a client like this? Easy, bro. They're out. There's so many cuz dude, the health the doctors and stuff, they don't want to be marketers or in sales. You know what I'm saying? Like, they don't want to they want to help people. Now, you got to join my certification to learn how. actually actually actually pitch I'll pitch your stuff right now. A guy that I know that used to do uh the digital products for a mutual friend of ours um he joined your certification and landed his first client days ago. Yeah. He texted me like he got a big sales coach. Dang. Um he was like and I also got a shout out from Josh on the site. I was like, "Damn, that's amazing, bro." Like, heck yeah. Yeah, dude. We Dude, you know what's so crazy? We have when you're part of certification, I'm literally going on calls with our certified partners and I'm closing the creators for them. Like, because it's not it's not really a sales call, but if you have good confidence and results like me, like our partners, he was like, "Hey, I got this guy on a meeting. Here's his calendar. Like, can you do the call with me?" And I was like, "Yeah, I'm free. So, I'm going to pull up." [clears throat] and we just I go on and since they're my certified partners, I have all my results in the site. I'm like, "Yeah, here's how it works. I'm just overseeing it." And for me, since like I've had so much confidence on the call where I'm just like, it's just easier. You've been in the game longer, it's so much easier to get them. And then my operator is just like just chilling there just like listening, learning, and like he takes over the deal. So yeah, I'm really excited about I think we're building something great. I think it's a great model. We have to keep it limited because I don't want a thousand. I can't certify the whole world. So I do have a cap on how many people we will keep as active certified partners because like I don't want to like flood the market with like millions of mini me but yeah for anyone who's interested if you go to ascension officer.com you can go to certified partners and apply for our next cohort uh you can be featured on our site you'll get to leverage all my results I'll jump on calls and close creators for you and you'll show you how to get full ownership of your publishing deals not growth operating because Jordan you know growth operating you're operating someone else's business. They could fire you at any point and keep all the resources. You are an employee with a fancier time. You own it. You got to own it. Got to own it. So with certified officer, I'll show you how to own the ad accounts, the credit card, the bank accounts, the funnels, the IP, everything. And you don't need to sell creators on this because nobody else other than me. You have Patrick Sares are doing this super well and now a few of my mini certification people. Other than us, the market's not flooded with a million mini godsies going out there being shadow operators. So, it's a blue ocean. It's a beautiful game. Ascension officers.com. Use code black hat and get the disc plus plus my black hat. When are Hey, have you bought Okay. Have you bought the domain homeless affiliate yet? Not yet, but now someone's buying it. True, man. Quick, I'm going to it right now. Let's see if I can beat them. You get to be the guru this time. We're going to publish you. [laughter] Oh, bro. It's available. It's available. I'm going. I'm going. I'm going. I'm going. Will I beat whoever is doing it right now? Oh my gosh. Homeless, dude. Quick. Homeless casually shout um uh flexing his his watch [laughter and snorts] worth more than his hairstyle. [laughter] So, you're not weren't doing it on purpose the whole whole time just to show people. I'm not homeless. I got money, guys. I got [laughter] rich, bro. Stop leaking that. You're supposed to play the bit, bro. Bro, um, that goes so hard though. It's like how a homeless affiliate is making $200,000 a day. Someone donated donated it to him because he's poor. Yeah, actually [laughter] for owner I work for [snorts] um he was like, "Yeah, you were my biggest affiliate here. Get a watch." It's like, "You made us so much money." He sent you a watch. So, yeah, a black hat super affiliate, a black hat offer owner that we ran for donated to us. I'm kidding. That didn't happen. Weed ourselves. You bought it. We got it. Now you got to publish. I'll publish you. Okay, we're doing a course now, I guess. Um, what are we teaching people? We're going to teach people how to become affiliates with AI. With AI? Yeah. And we're going to sell them high ticket as well, right? Yeah. Lots of high ticket. No, the high ticket is, hey, go, you can take the funnel that just sold you and you can go run it as your own, just like all the bisop guys do. What what we should do is and this is something I'm thinking of doing. I thought we were just going to redirect the GoFundMe page for you. [laughter] [snorts] But I was thinking of doing this last year and I'm still thinking of doing it. Krist think this is a really good idea um that we never pursued like making a course for affiliate stuff but make it like the best course there is. uh out there. Not like there's much competition, like no good courses for affiliate in my opinion right now. Um so just make it the best course out there. Give it away for free and the back end is like, "Okay, you just crafted your first campaign. Congratulations. Good for you. If you need money to scale and you need our ad volume and all this other stuff, message me and we'll you can spend our money and give us a percentage of profit like that. Do that as the back end." Like do an incentive based back end. That's something I'm interested in pursuing because the main constraint is like good offers, but if you can teach people how to test offers and get them to test them and get them to test for you, you can realistically just like partner with them in the winner and just scale it super big and like a lot of them. Yeah, that could be a good play. It's almost like your own network. Not building your own network, but like Yeah. their own like team of like super affiliates like of like thousands of people for free. That's one who's offering 15k to whoever can like build him a lander that beats his controller or something and like tons of people are landers. Yeah, bro. Jacob, I've I've always wanted to meet that guy. He seems like a really really chill dude. Yeah, but that was a genius play. Like get [ __ ] 50 landing pages built for you by random people in the US for 15 grand. That that's the secret. Don't need AI. Go on Twitter say I'm going to give 20 grand to whoever builds me the best landing page and you get like thousands. What What happened after our last interviews? Like did you get any deals? Like did people know you and recognized you? What? We actually got kind of an inbound client off of those interviews um that we working on like a profit share revshare partnership with right now. Pretty solid company. W and I'm excited about that one and we got some people basically the main benefit is I go to a conference and people know who I am and that's why I wanted to bring Kurt down because he he'll be going to conferences without me as well. So yeah, I want to know people know who he is as well. The goat. There he is, guys. Status the legend. You see a bull guy. It's like that's the guy to talk to. Yeah, that's the guy. We need a We need a tagline cuz you're the homeless affiliate. What's his positioning? He's like the quiet affiliate. the nerd [laughter] silent the the the virgin media buyer ex Starcraft player as as my Twitter handle says. Wait, what is it? What does my Twitter say? Says like Virgin Media. Virgin Media by Aren't you married? Yeah, I'm married. I just thought it was funny cuz like you know how you had the Yeah. Yeah. the meme which was circulating and you had like the Chad media buy and you had like the virgin media buyer. I'm like the virgin media buyer who can chat. So like [laughter] that's a hey that's a virgin buyer I but calculated though right like so like the whole strategy when we were using when we were scaling exponentially like I had complete control over profit and loss day by day and fluctuating from like 4k to 50 to 100k spend like between days. So like based on the performance on the any particular day like I can elastically change the budgets with the strategy that we were using. So like um having that level of control budget scheduling for people that's like the source what is that's like a whole other interview if we got to teach the budget scheduling. Yeah that's that's a good open to leave there. We got We can't leak that. No, you can, but to do it properly, we need we need we need like a another interview. It's going to We're not going to do it. We're not going to do it justice in 10 minutes. [laughter] No, we'll do something. Yeah, maybe do a technical and we can walk someone through. Jordan, do you think you can build out a campaign from zero live on YouTube in front of everybody as a test campaign? How long is it going to take you with your agent? Like five minutes. But I don't know if I want to. Oh, well, I I can I can put the I can put the agent in the other screen and have it do the work. And yeah, and just like grab grab some whatever offer and uh we'll do some guys. Let us know if you want to us to build an offer alive. Our AI clanker slaves to build an offer live. We'll be yapp. Yeah. child labor because it's clo code is so new it's like one year old so I guess it's like child labor at that point. Okay laws for AI soon we're going to get fine if you work your AI too much. Yeah I heard I heard AI complaining about not getting paid. They're like hey you know you're paying for the tokens but you're not paying me anything. Like they're legit having these episodes. So like we're in crazy times. By the way, another skill distinction between us, uh Josh, I'm like you. I'm a yapper. So I can like sit at go to a conference, y to people. Y is not as much of a yapper as me. So we usually go to conferences and my job is to like um tame the affiliate managers. You're like a managers to get the highest payouts. You're like Russian girls that walk around, right? Yeah. like get the highest payout, sleep with the affiliate managers. I hope none of them [ __ ] do this [ __ ] bro. [laughter] But yeah, like go meet the people, network, and his job is like scale, you know? That's an important role I have in the company as well. You always need that. The best team, you have both people like that. Yeah, it's facts. That's so true. Yeah, that's um very important in the affiliate space is to like do a bunch of networking and stuff like it is such a people game. It seems like like I would love to be a JV manager if all is filled. I would just be going JV manager or just like go work for [ __ ] to get people on their payment processor and just go like just be a spokesperson and just whine and dine people and convince them to use my products. Just a yapping. Yes, but I feel like you could sell Josh. I don't think I could sell. I could do one to many. Dude, I realize I love doing one to many for sure, like webinars, presentations, but one to one I'm just like I'm not I'm not going to take that much time for one person to like I just I crash out like do you want this or not? You know, I don't sit in the pocket. But then how do you close those crazy publishing deals? It's not because publishing you don't have to sell. You're going in there and it's like I'm putting in most of the effort to make you famous and get you a bunch of customers. Like you shouldn't be selling me on why I should work with you. So I'm more evaluating them and then I what I do is I'm like if I believe in the creator and their brand, they will feel that. So I'm more so selling them on how sold I am on this idea and I'm like I'm going to do this with or without you. Do you want to be the face or not? So like I get the call and I'm just like, oh yeah, like this is going to be amazing. We're going to crush it. We're going to run this up. It's amaz We're doing this with or without you. Would love to have you, but let me see if you're a good fit. And then it is very similar like you said like networking relationship building like I just did a podcast I got interviewed by a guy and afterwards he does a lot of like lab test stuff and he knows a lot of like doctors or like uh not doctors but just like people who are nutritionists and maybe some doctors and I was like hey who do you know that you can connect me with and he showed me like two really good leads I never knew existed and he's going to connect me with them and I'm going to go hit them with my pitch and then pass them off one of my certified partners. So, yeah, it's just really selling them on why you're sold on the offer and it's not really like selling them. When I was selling like 50k funnels and stuff like that, that's a little more selling, but like even then it's like you used to have a personal brand that kind of helps with that. Yeah. So important to like have like even like have these interviews and do this like that's a leverage you have against other affiliates. Everyone wants to be faceless. I feel like the face until I realize like, "Oh, wait. There's value in showing my face and I can like show my face without flexing cars and still get attention." I mean, I told people I'm homeless and I got a bunch of attention. Yeah. Like, what the heck? You're almost you your videos almost out viewed uh Allan's video in a shorter period of time. Yeah, it went crazy in the affiliate groups. Everyone was like sharing. That's how it went. They're all watching right now. I'm on live on X. for a few Thursday second they saw you guys are on here I know everyone started sharing it and now it's like 300 people on watching I never get 300 people unless we're doing talking affiliate like X dude is straight affiliate lead genen people like it is just a cess poolool of all the faceless like people that scale like crazy all the best marketers are on X for sure I would say so Telegram and X seems to be sad for affiliate stuff is like the guys. Yeah. That we're in some groups like crazy crazy scales like 70 million a year or some like insane stuff. But X is like close second I would say. Oh yeah. The Facebook's like where the brand friendly people are. Little boomers. Um yeah on Facebook because the platform's been in development for the past 20 years. [laughter] I can't wait for the platform by the way. But um because it's been like two weeks away for the past two years. It's uh everybody's still on Facebook. So that's like the last good Facebook group in my opinion. It is, bro. It is the last good Facebook group. But I don't I think dude, remember the OG days when Allan would drop a post and it was just like crap. It was just like so new and novel like just whenever you find something the first time like dude that was like oh man peak marketing days. I mean, I still read those old posts. Yes. Almost every week. Like, just to refresh, dude. The upsell matrix posts. I live and die on off that post, bro. So good. Yeah. So good. I mean, you built your entire business around that one post. Basically, you were doing those consulting things like uh Yeah, it was literally just I remember um a friend of mine did a call with you and it's like, "Okay, let's do the upsell matrix. you need to sell them uh better, faster, easier, problem like that was I just grind that was I just grinded everything Allan did on leading to limitations upsell matrix the market funnel architecture and then once I went out and launched hundreds offers then I had I knew what offers work well in different markets so now when I have a person come to you I'm like I've launched like four offers in your market here's what we did and so now my like day it's like prompting AI like me as a whole like once you do so many inputs you know like for you you know what ads vl structure work it's just like you just have this confidence in it and so yeah dude but back then it was just like grinding NHV calls I watch every call like four times I just watch it all day long before I got married and shout out what well he he got a lot of us in the game and got a lot of us really good results so shout out to Allan Dude, for sure. He's like the modern day Dan Kennedy. He uh does have a book coming up though, I think, which is going to be interesting to see. I'm excited to see that's about Allan. He's got a book. That one he talked about like when HB first started, but he mentioned it like a couple months ago. He said he's working on it again. Shoot. I mean, he's a busy guy, so it makes sense. delayed and stuff, but um I think that's where I sort of learned copy from as well, like the NHB group. Um though I feel like so this is a weird thing that I noticed. I was trying to teach our customer support girl copy and I was trying to tell her like look, yes, your first ad sucks, but my first ad also sucked. And I found my first ad and it was really freaking good. [laughter] I think I was really good at it out the gate. You're like, dang it. Sorry, girl. Yeah. Yeah. [laughter] It was like some Bizop ad like super dang super aggressive. Yeah. Bizop is crushing. So if anyone wants an offer, Bizoff is the place. Um yeah, dude. Bizop always crushes. Economic upturns, downturns, it always works. What do you still do that strategy where you run a more uh AOV max funnel worldwide to get profits and then dump that into your loss leader funnel that brings in better prospects? Is that still something that runs? Yes, except our higher quality funnel is not working at all. So, we're building a new one because it's like running at zero x ROI right now. We launched it, we spent like a couple thousand bucks, got zero sales, and we're like back to the drawing board on that. Do you think Why do you think that is just a me the market shifted, mechanism got outdated? Like what do you what what do you attribute that to? I guess like we ran a couple million through that funnel and it was not that big of a niche. It was real estate, but like a subniche of real estate. So I think we just burned out like Yeah. I just feel like everybody in the subniche of like wholesaling saw that offer and they all bought it or didn't buy it. So now we're trying to go for like a bigger market. Yeah. Which is like anyone that's an old guy that wants to start a business can buy it. Yeah. I think that's going to work better. Um, also another interesting thing that I'm experimenting with is um having like different um the same offer but same VSSL, everything's the same, just the headline changes based on the ad. That's something that kind of helped. So that's some publishing. So it's right there. Scale publishing. Change the headline. Just change the headline and it works. Yeah. Also, we already do that. I thought that's already something we do. No, but for each ad gets its own headline on the ESL. So then are multiple. Do you do it dynamic through the tech where they know where they clicked and auto changes or is it still manual? You have to divide it up. Yeah. Yeah, it's automatic. I cannot remember the name of the freaking tool we use. I can text you about it if you want to try it. But what doesn't it is the UTMs. Does the Virgin affiliate know? I don't think he's knows because he's not involved in the public. Oh, he's not involved in that one. Okay. Yeah. Um it's called Vizot. That's the name of the Vizop. Vizopt. Vyop. Yes. It's like this super scrappy tool built by some guys in the basement. Smell it. How do you spell it? Uh, I'll leave it in the chat in the YouTube chat so the viewers can see. Vio Vop. What the heck? Oh, interesting. Looks super sketch. That's how you know it's good. Yeah, like checkout chimp. Checkout chimp. Check out champ is what all the blackout guys use for rebuilding. Bro, why you why you leaking the sauce? So now now we're just more blackout people. Yeah, now now the internet is going to blow up. But I think everyone knows that sadly the it's on all over Twitter. So Twitter guys know. Uh, also one last piece of publishing source that I am gonna share. I thought you say black hat sauce, but no, this is this is like the publishing side of things. I have to kick them off. Was um was been working well and that's um optimizing for upsells instead of uh front end buyers. that brings your uh lead quality up quite a bit, brings your AOV up, so you can sort of um have better leads on the back end. So, if you have an upsell, optimize for upsell, you'll see your leads really go up exponentially. We just uh also the upsell impacts um refund rates a lot like more than the product in my opinion. What do you what did you say? The upsell impacts refund rates more than any other step of the funnel in my opinion. People are like, "Wow, they're selling me more stuff." They gave it like that reason. So, we had that offer, you know, which one? And we had like 20% refund. That's and we couldn't understand why. Yeah. It's horrible. And the product's good. Everything's good. So, I'm like tweaking the product, making it like more compliant, less aggressive. Not nothing's moving new. So, I just changed the upsell instead of I realized what the upsell was saying was the product won't work. So, you need to buy this extra thing to make it work. So, I just pushed it up matrix, make it faster, make it easier. And all of a sudden, it worked a lot better. Yeah. No, refund rate uh is like down to like 12%. So, slash it in half pretty much. I mean, yeah, it's just a messaging error then on the for sure. Like it's just buyers remorse if you don't frame it right. That Yeah, you need to validate. That's pretty much it. Good stuff from the public. Well, uh, next time we do a interview, we'll have we'll build an offer live while we yap. Virgin Affiliate adds to it live. Could do that. But he's just working. Look at him. He's just working. He's not even dude. [snorts] He's just co-working right now. This is I'm fixing I'm fixing the stuff Yordan broke before. [laughter] He like removed the pixel on the page and disabled the the tracking on the email flows and like it's like he's just turning he's throwing our business in fire. Like you [laughter] know he's a yapper. He just wants to talk, man. He doesn't want to do all that crap. I don't care about that stuff. Just let me talk about [ __ ] That's like But I raised the AOV. I raised it by like 20% today. So that's a W. Thanks.


╔══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╗
║  FONTE: FREE COURSE： How to Book 200-400 Sales Calls a Month With a Lowticket Call Funnel [1bafNNse19Y].en.txt
║  VÍDEO: Free Course： How To Book 200 400 Sales Calls A Month With A Lowticket Call Funnel [1Bafnnse19Y].En
║  ADICIONADO EM: 04/08/2026
╚══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╝

If you're a coach, consultant, or agency owner spending 200, 300, 400, even $500 just to book one single sales call, which will probably just no show the call, watch this entire video because in this video, I'm going to give you the complete system for building a low ticket call funnel, which we're using to cut our CP in half for high ticket client, double our show rates, and get high ticket clients practically for free. Now, this isn't a teaser. This isn't just 10 minutes of value in theory. This is a stepby-step full course that you can follow and [music] implement today. I actually don't have a course where you learn anything further. The only thing you could pay me for is for consulting. So, if you're looking for a step-by-step guide to implement the low to call FFunnel strategy, look no further. You found it. Now, my name is Joshua Gavin. If you recognize me, it's probably because you see me running WAP University, speaking at events with ClickFunnels or just on podcasts all around YouTube teaching this strategy. And if you don't know me, I've actually created over 800 of these offers in almost every single market imaginable, one-on-one with the biggest people in the info space. If you drop a name, they've probably paid me for consulting. Now, I don't say that to flex. I say it to let you know that what we're doing works and we've done it in every single angle possible. So, no matter if you're like, oh, it may be different for me. I probably have an offer to prove you wrong. On top of that, I actually own and run and publish my own info products, which means I have my own credit cards with my own ad accounts with my own funnels and products using this [music] strategy. Whereas most free courses you watch are being taught by people using other people's money or running stuff for their clients, I'm actively risking my own dollar on the method I'm going to show you here today. That's how much confidence I have in this process. On top of that, as I'm recording this, we just enrolled somebody for $5,000 into one of these offers using the funnel I'm about to show you. So, this works. So, sit back, relax, and in the next hour, I'm going to walk you through step by step how to set this up, including examples. Now, before we get into the low ticket callunnel, how it works, why it's so amazing, and the exact process to set it up. We need to understand why we use a low ticket call funnel instead of the traditional path. Now, the old way that we are all taught to sell high ticket info looks something like this. You would have an opt-in page. They'd opt to watch a VSSL. In the VSSL, you'd get them to fill out an application and then you would get them to book a call, right? And I know a vast majority of you guys are running this model. And it works. Trust me, I'm not saying that the VSSL funnel or application funnel doesn't work. It does work. It works extremely well, but to an extent. And just like any model, there's pros and there's cons. But with a VSSL call funnel, there's a lot more cons that I personally didn't want to put up with that were losing me money. Now, to highlight a few of these problems I found, what I realized is that you would have to wait 7 to 14 days before you'd have more money to reinvest into your ads. Because think about it, you're spending all this money to get optins, get people to watch your VSSL, they book a call, maybe they book their call 3 days out, then get on a call, you book 10 calls, right? Maybe some of them show, maybe don't. There maybe a follow-up call. And so, you're only getting money back once your closer closes somebody. You pay your closer, you set aside money for taxes, then you have money finally to put back into your ads. And so the reinvestment cycle was extremely long. And what's funny is after consulting 800 plus info product owners across every single market imaginable, I met a lot of people whose whole business was dependent on this model. And what would happen is because they didn't have a fast enough reinvestment cycle and they are bootstrapping the whole business, not taking out loans or a ton of credit, their business would actually fail because they couldn't keep putting money back in the ads machine. So then they would turn closers, they would not have customers because the cycle was way too long. And so that's one of the reasons why I stopped running low to get call funnels altogether. And if you're watching this, you probably could relate. You know the fear of, oh my gosh, I'm putting a dollar in today. I might make it back in 14 days, which makes you afraid to run more ads. It limits how fast you can scale. It's just a whole bunch of stress that you don't need. And we're going to show you how to avoid that altogether. Now, on top of that, your lead quality will never be consistent as you scale. Optimizing for schedules. I was actually in an event in Arizona, and it was a room full of the top operators. I'm talking the head of marketing for Tony and Dean. talking people who run media buying for some of the biggest book launches in the entire game that we've seen. I'm talking about the biggest people ever in this room. People have done 250 million from info. People have done 100 million from info. And I'm sharing what I'm sharing with you here today. And I had somebody in the room who's a top media buyer, top brands in info. And even he said he split tested and he saw that when you're running ads for schedules or you're trying to run ads to via cellfunnel, the consistency from the pixel data is never the same. you're getting someone who's got a ton of money or someone who's really broke versus when you're running a low to get call funnel. Since you're optimizing for purchases, the consistency is always on point because you're getting buyers, not just opt-ins. And so, as you scale the VSSL CallFunnel, you're constantly going to have to be focusing more time on dequalifying people than actually qualifying and enrolling people. And so, you're spending a lot of money on leads who will never be a good fit to work with you. Now, I don't know about you, but anybody who comes into my funnel, I want to be someone I could sell something to, not someone that I'm just going to disqualify. And with a low ticket callunnel, only 5% of our buyers are DQed inside of the tight form before they book a call. Only 5%. Majority of time, you're running an application funnel, a VSSL funnel at scale, you're going to be de-qualifying maybe half of them, 30% of them. The number is insane. Now, this part is the part that pisses me off the most. The truth is when you're running a VSSL call funnel, you're only making money off 1% of the clicks that you pay for. Because think about it, you're paying for someone to click on your ad to go your optin. Then your optin maybe 40% of people opt in. I mean, 60% of people are dropping off right at this stage. Then when you get your VSSL, you have, you know, the 60% that made it there. Then you have people that drop off before they start an application. And then finally, people get to the calendar if they're qualified. So again, we're getting people kicked off there. Finally, you get someone to book a call. And then as they book a call, only 50 to 60% of them will show. Then only 20% of them will close. So you're filtering, filtering, filtering, filtering, filtering until there's barely anyone at the end of the funnel. And so the truth is on most stats, out of the clicks that actually click and go to your page, you're usually only closing, you're making money off 1% of them. Think about that. 99% of your ad budget is going to people who will never give you money. That should piss you off. You're spending 99%, let's say it's 90%, 90% of your ad budget is going to people who will never give you money. In what world does that financial model make sense? Now, the next thing is your sales team is speaking with people with way less intent, which is why you have a lower show rate. I was talking to someone who's doing $5 million a month. It's actually one of our consulting clients that we built low to call funnels for and with their VSSLFunnel. We were talking about their show rates, and they were celebrating for a 50% show rate. 50%. That means they're paying for 50% of their buyers who will never show up on the call, never be pitched an offer, and never buy anything they have to sell. How does that make you feel, guys, that half of your ad budget and half the people you're paying for are going to be will never show? It's crazy. We're celebrating 50%. Now, if this was the old days before we had the market full of people selling info and a bunch of other, you know, mural board warriors and Figma board warriors like me teaching VSSL call funnels. Sure, if that didn't happen, it probably wouldn't be as aggressive, but people are aware of the sales process. When's the last time you booked a sales call, went into it not think it's a sales call? Or maybe, you know, showed one. Like, you know, you're aware of the sales process and so do your customers. I don't care what market you're in. They've seen it. They've been through it and they're resisting it. Now, on top of that, when you just use a VSSL callfunnel, you will turn away all the leads who will continue to reject the direct callfunnel sales process. Just think, there are people who will never want to consume or go through a VSSL callunnel, but would go through a low ticket funnel or maybe a webinar funnel or a challenge funnel, right? Think about for yourself. There's funnels you will never opt into. I know for a fact there's people here, you will never opt into a webinar funnel cuz you know it's a webinar. You will never opt into a lead magnet because you know it's just a crappy freebie. You will never opt into a VSSL call funnel because you know it's a sales call. So if you personally had those constraints where you will never go through certain funnels and you will not consume information through certain funnels just because of how the funnel is set up, then that is a case for the your market. There's certain funnels will never go through. So if you're only building a single funnel business, you're saying no to a mass majority of the market who will never go through that funnel. I was talking to one of the top affiliates. I've actually interviewed him on my channel. Uh you can go back and watch it. He's doing $200,000 a day, $300,000 a day. He's crushing it in profit. And he was saying that the moat in 2026 and beyond isn't having just a bunch of different types of creatives is actually have a dynamic portfolio of funnels for your customers to go through. And so we're no longer in the one funnel away business because back in the day, like you can get one funnel to a million dollars in a year, and that was a big feat. But now we have people doing a million dollars in a month, but to get to a million dollars in a month, it's very rare you see that with one funnel. So things have just changed, guys. And I hope you're seeing this and waking up to it. Now, the last thing is you're building an email list of leads, not buyers. So, when you're doing optins or via your list is like, bro, it's not worth that much. I mean, at this point, even with lead lists like this, you're only ever going to get 30 to 40% of people to even open and read your email. And the people opening and reading your emails are just freebie seekers who aren't even interested. And it's just a whole mess. And so, what's nice about a low ticket call funnels, we're only building an email list of buyers. So, I go to send an email to my list. I know that those thousands of people, they've all given me money. What list would you rather have? The list of thousands of people who have given you $0 or the lists of people who have given you an average order value of $40. All right. So, this is why I've moved away from running VSSL Callunnels because I don't want to deal with all this. It didn't make sense in 2026. I started doing low ticket call funnels back in 2023. Didn't make sense 3 years ago. But now, the market's finally waking up to what I've been saying forever. and I'm here finally sharing it with you guys. Now, like I said, I have offers live right now. I decided to screenshot one of these offers that we have live. We're spending anywhere from $3,000 to $2,300 a day right now on cold traffic. As you can see here, this is just the last breakdown. We spent $3,000 in ads. We made 2,300 back on just the front of which mean we're at a.77 rorowaz before they were booked a call. Our cost per acquisition was only $54 to get someone to pay us money. And then our cost per book call was $159. Now our net cost per book call, if we were to do 3,000 minus 2,300, we'd be at $700 in lost in ads divided by 19. Our net cost per book call is actually extremely low. If we go to my 7-day breakdown analysis right here, you can see on average we're booking 19 calls a day and our cost per book call again $174. But with that again, it's under 174 cuz if we were to do the net cost per book call, we're looking at like a $50 to $70 cost per call. So think about you're spending $500 400 $300 that gets on a book call never show. With what I'm about to share with you today, we're spending under $100 for a qualified we DQ people in our type form. Only 5% get DQ because a low ticket call funnel is way better. For a qualified sales call, we're spending half of what you're doing, maybe even a third of what you're doing. So listen up cuz what I'm about to share with you is powerful. So we've talked about the old way of doing things. What is a new way? What is a low ticket to call funnel? Josh, you're probably wondering this. I'm here to answer it. Here's a flow of what it looks like. All right. So as you can see here, it's a three-step funnel. That's it. It's very easy to put together. You don't need to be amazing at doing copy or designing. Most of AI just does anyways. All this design AI can just do. And all the copy is written by AI anyway. So sit back and relax. So how it flows is very simple. What we do is we have a $17 product on the front end that we sell via sales page. They opt into the order form where we have three order bumps on the order form, which are the little check boxes that you can check in, you know, if you want to add something to your order, and then we take them to a book a call via application, similar to how you would do it the old way, but now we're hiding it behind the sales page. So, how I want you to think about it is we're not necessarily building anything new. We're just attaching two steps before your VSSL callfunnel. And these two steps here, it's simply to liquidate the ad spend that we're putting into the campaign. So again, very simple front-end sales page. So you can see here we do the opt-in to go to the order form. On the order form, we have one, two order bumps, two to three order bumps, and then we take them to a book a call. So again, very simple. You can see how it's laid out right here. All right. So now, there's a reason why we do this. Number one, you recover 50 to 100% of your ad spend on the same day of running your ads instead of waiting weeks for a return, giving you instant cash flow and the ability to outspend your competitors. Guys, like today, you know, we're spending we'll probably spend $3,000 a day on this campaign. We're probably going to double it soon. And I know I looked at our Stripe today, we've already made back 2500 of it. We've just closed a pit for $5,000 as I'm recording it. I don't have stress to run ads. All right. A lot of you guys, you spend money. If you were to spend $3,000 a day to your VSSL funnel, you are guaranteed to make back0 that you invest today from your VSSL call funnel. Sure, you may make it back in 7 to 14 days. Maybe with a low ticket call phone, doing it this way where we do a low ticket product and order bumps before the VSSL, I know that I'm going to make back something. Even if it's 30%, even if it's 40%, 50%, I am making back more money than you are from your VSSL call funnel, which allows me to do what Dan Kennedy always said was the best thing to do, which is whoever can spend the most to get a customer wins. I can spend more to get a customer than you do with this funnel because I'm getting that money back. It goes right back into my credit card. I spend more on ads and it's like an infinite money glitch. All right? I always say that Facebook pays for my ads. They always give me my money back and I keep it running because I'm liquidating it with these two steps here. You guys seen the power of this? Now, with a traditional callfunnel, you only convert 1 to 5% of the clicks that land on your sales page. But with a low ticket callunnel, you're able to scoop up that entire part of the market who resist your VSSL callunnel and you're able to scoop up people who rather go through a low ticket sampling process. Now, what I love about this is when I spend money and I pay for my clicks, I'm making my money back. So, versus VS Cell CallFunnel where you're not even making money before they get to your high ticket call process, I'm making back my money before they ever see the calendar. Now the my favorite part is you get buyers not just leads and these people show up way higher. If you look at my stats I shared up here if we go look at them our show rate 100% 82% 80% 77% 87 100% like you guys are celebrating 50 60% we have 100% show rates on our funnels because think about it if someone pays for a product they have way more intent. They're not just a freebie seeker. So when we introduce a calendar they're more likely to show up and so the intent is so much higher. I was talking to Ryan Clog. He runs a massive company that's done over 100 million from info and they also run a low ticket callfunnel and he has shown me the math and even at their level of spend their company the low ticket callfunnel has a higher show rate higher intent to their calendars because it's a buyer it's not a lead and so you guys are like I'm going to spam more emails I'm going to hammer them with texts and emails to get them to show. It's like bro there's only so much spam you can send to get someone to show up or they just get pissed off and don't want to show up. How about you just give them a reason to show up or you attract people that have more intent using a low ticket call funnel. Okay, so that's why we do it this way. Again, very simple sales page, order bumps, and book a call. I'll talk about how to frame all of these in just a second. Now, I want to get something out of the way that a lot of you guys are thinking right now. Low ticket attracts broke people. Low ticket is just low quality. Oh my gosh, bro. If that were true, how are we closing 18,000B packages from a low ticket call funnel? As you can see, the campaigns low ticket. All right, you can see all low ticket. $18,000 package from a low ticket call funnel. How would that be possible? 13 12 11. Huh? H how is it that as I'm recording this, we have a pit for $5,000 from a low ticket call funnel? Huh? And also nonbizop market. How is that possible? If your limiting belief was true that low ticket offers attract broke people, how are companies that are doing $3 million a month that we consult ripping low ticket call funnels? H, that's funny. Like, how would that be true? And I know I sound condescending or a little directed. It's like, bro, I'm sick of hearing this excuse that's getting people to use funnels that mathematically don't make sense. So, I have to be direct with you so you don't miss this. All right. The truth is that yes, the wrong front-end offer with the wrong messaging attracts the wrong people to the back end. But it's not because the product on the front end was $17. I was talking to Jason Flatten. If you know Jason Flatten, running the biggest launches, doing Iman Gagazi's launches. I've interviewed on my channel. I text him here and there to keep him updated on what we're doing. and we were talking and he was talking about how he loves low ticket. Him as a webinar person loves low ticket because he believes we're moving into a market where people want to sample products and they know yes there's upsells. They know there's things afterwards so they want to sample it and give it a try. And so low ticket products I look at is just sampling where yes, like even the highest end buyers want to sample what it is that you're selling because they're sick and tired of having to go through a VSL process, book a call, high pressure into the high ticket offer, realize that that person sucks, hate that they bought that, can't get a refund, terrible stipulations like guarantees, and they regret it versus this. Our low ticket product acts as a first impression. So, bro, low ticket funnels do not attract broke people. The wrong low ticket fronted offer does. But I'm going to show you guys how and I'm going to give you the five winning offer formats that you can use that don't attract broke people and make sense for your market. Now, another thing that people say is, "Low ticket will cannibalize my high ticket offer, Josh." Well, it only cannibalizes it when you sell the wrong thing on the front end that doesn't speedrun your customers to where they need you to think for them. So, we'll talk about in a little bit, but I'm going to share with you how it actually won't do that, right? But we sold. You can see here we had a low ticket offer. They purchased it. 11 days later they booked a call and then they closed for a high ticket offer just like that. So we have people like sure may may not booking right away. But even then the low ticket offer will actually lead people who don't book it right away inside the funnel, right? Like you think about here not everyone's going to book a call at this step right here. But with the low ticket funnel, you actually scoop up people to come back later and they'll book. So no, the wrong low ticket offer on the front end will, you know, make it so that you have a terrible ascension rate. But with the right one, you should be good. Another thing people say is, "But Josh, won't I have to create tons of products? Oh my gosh, I had to create so many products." No. All right. What we found is having multiple upsells will create buyer fatigue and drop off. You can see here the traditional low ticket funnel looks like this. You have the sales page, they opt into the order form, then you go to the upsell, then you have the upsell two, then you have upsell three, and then you also have all the downells. So you have one decision, two decisions, 3 4 5 6 7 8 9. So they've already had to make eight decisions whether it's a yes or no. yes or no is still a decision. So they have decision fatigue before we ever get them to book a call. And so I thought, you know what, this is causing way too much drop off. How can I eliminate this part of the process and get them to the call right away while still getting liquidation? And that's what I realized like, okay, let me just add in, you know, multiple bumps up here. Let me just do three order bumps up here to replace the three upsells. And I was able to get both. I was able to get ascension, low buyer fatigue, as well as liquidation. So we want to get as many people to book a call. So, we just try to liquidate with the front end and the bumps before adding any upsells. So, take a deep breath. You technically only need, you know, three to four products, and most of them can be templates, tools, or things AI can make. Now, the math never lies, guys. All right, the math never lies. I want you guys in this, I'm going to leave a link down below for you to actually use the calculator to go through the math and to play the numbers out. So, you're actually going to go through this calculator. You're going to see all the math. You're going to see, hey, if we were to spend this much, how much would we make? and you'll see that your high ticket CPA will probably be cut in half using the list of call funnel net remember your net high ticket CPA meaning how much you actually spend to get that customer after liquidation the math is going to shock you so make sure click the link down below opt into that I'll send you an email with a sheet and you can go through it so we talked about why the old model doesn't work you now know what the new model is from an overview and then we talked about all the things that normally stop people from doing low ticket why they aren't true but let's get into the funnel overview exactly how we're sending people different pieces of process and then we're going to go step by step 1 to 10 what you need to get set up to get yours launched. So you guys have seen the first steps here, right? Where you have the sales page, the order for them and the book a call and then we have the sales call, right? And then we sell them to the high ticket and then on the back end we have the ascension system. So for everybody who doesn't book a call right away, we'll get them through email, a weekly webinar setters, and then your members area. We'll also talk about those a little bit later, but that's just a little bit deeper of an overview of how this works. But first off, we need to do step number one, which is build back to front. All right. So, the problem most people make when doing a low ticket call funnel is they start with their front end offer. Like, I'm going to price at this, I'm going to give them this course. I'm going to give them that. I'm going to take a bunch of these old cheap products, throw them together, and just say whatever. And this is totally wrong because again, the wrong front-end offer will attract the wrong person on the back end. That's why some people are like, little ticket is bringing me the worst people possible, but then you're selling the wrong thing on the front end. And so, what you want to do and the question and the answers you want to write out is this. All right? You want to ask yourself, where do I find myself constantly thinking for my customers no matter how many trainings, templates, and SOPs I give them. Now, I'm going to explain why we need to do this, all right, in just a second. But you want to figure out first of all, what is on the back end? What am I actually giving my customers on the back end and where I'm having to think for them? So, go to your high ticket coaching offer and think about, okay, on my coaching calls, and our support group, talk to your account managers, where are people always asking for help? For an example, I was consulting an ecom guy and I was always on ads. No matter how many trainings and courses and templates he did, people still kept coming back to the coaching calls for ads. And so we knew on the back end, what we're really selling is help with the ad buying side of it, which means we can give whatever on the front end to them and it won't cannibalize our backend. So that's one way that we eliminate the cannibalizing of the back end. Now, the second thing you want to do is you want to position your done with you offers as done for you. So done for you is the easiest thing to sell. So what you want to do is make your offer stack a list of all the areas you will think for your customers. So again, what we're doing here is we're getting clear what is on the back end. What are we selling on the back end? That way our front end doesn't cannibalize it. So what I like to do is you take these answers here. You wrote out all the areas where you're thinking for your customers and you're going to turn your offer stack into that. Instead of saying you get this many calls or this much coaching, your offer stack is we're going to think for you in this way, this way, this way, this way, this way. We're going to think for you, right? And so what you want to do is your done with you offer is no longer done with you. It's done for you and your offer stack becomes all the things that you're doing to think for them. So, we're going to think for your ads, your funnels, your niche, whatever that may be. That's what your offer is going to be on this via sale after they buy the low ticket. So, again, we're working backwards. This will make sense in just a little bit. Then again, you can talk about how you will via coaching think for them, but again, we're not selling just support or, you know, we're going to help you when you get stuck. No, we want to think about all the areas where we're thinking for them. Now, a little bonus thing that I always like to throw in and tell people to do is with your high ticket offer, try to add in one implement and release done for you element to it. So, I knew one dude, he was trying to give people like a pre-built Tik Tok shop account as an upsell. And I was like, bro, if you're willing to sell that for $200, let's just add it to the high ticket offer and then we sell the back end is instead of being a coaching offer, saying, "Hey, we'll just set up your Tik Tok shop done for you." Like, bro, you'll book way more calls and then yes, only one small piece of it is done for you. But again, all the areas where you think for them afterwards and the coaching is a great sell. So, it's a great way to get people on the call. So, if there's anything you can do for your customers in your done with you offer, highlight that as a main sale to get them on the phone and then introduce all the other stuff later on cuz at the end of the day, people just want you to do it for them. Now, step number three, what we want to do is we want to speedrun our customers to creative thinking. Now, here's what I mean. So, what you want to do is you want to write out your answers. You want to spread out an answer. What would your customers need to have to reach the point where you need them to think for them? So, if we figure out up here all the areas where we need to think for them and where we constantly are. So we say, "All right, what do we need to give them to get to the point where they need to worry about ads, right? Let's say it's ecom. What do we need to give them?" Example, ecom, they always need help with ads, but they need a product and a store ready before ads. So the problem would make sense to just do they give them a store before. So I know there's this one offer running and they do like an ecom store for $20, a done free ecom store, $20. And so think about it, you're giving them the store, they give them the product. So then it's like, all right, you have everything you need. Now you need help with ads. Guess you got to join the back end, right? We're speed running them to the point where they need the next thing. It's not that we're giving them a tiny bit of stuff on the front end. and be like, "Oh, now you need coaching." We're giving them everything they need. We're not holding anything back, at least in the areas that we want on the front end. On the back end, if you need the next level of creative thinking, you have to join the backend offer. So, now we've created a gap, and that's a clear divide between your front end and back end offers. You're like, "Okay, well, what if we cannibalize it?" We created the gap. So, for like health and fitness, usually it's accountability and customization. So, the gap on the back end will always be customization and accountability. There's no way you can deliver that on a course or a low ticket to ticket offer. So we always keep that for the back end and that's the pitch on the sales call. And with bisop you know B2B it's usually done for you. So that's the gap we would create do yourself on the front end and then done for you on the back end. So that's what you need to do first. Step one you need to build back to front. You need to figure out where are you creatively thinking for your customers. Step two you need to position your offer as a done for you offer not a done with you. Otherwise in the upsell path you're not going to be up to book a call. And then step three you need to speedrun your customers creative thinking by figuring out what do I need to give my customers in the product on the low tok offer on the front end to get them to the point where they need me on the back end. All right, step number four. Now that we have that figured out, now we can pick your front-end offer format. A lot of you guys pick this first before doing what I said above. And that's why it fails. That's why you think low ticket doesn't work. That's why this whole process is broken. If you did this and you got to this video late and you've already figured out, oh, my thing is going to be a tool or a template or this or that before mapping this out, please delete and start over. I do not want you coming back to me complaining that it didn't work when you didn't follow the process. Awesome. So, step number four, we need to pick the winning front-end offer format. Now, I've done 800 of these. So, I figured out what is the best format and for what market, which makes sense, and I have them listed out here, and I've actually give you guys examples for each one. So, the first one is tools and templates. Tools and templates. Now, this is a screenshot of one of my all-time favorite offers, which is no longer live. I don't know what the offer did. He closed it down. I love this one. It was called sevenigure email system. You can look it up on wayback machine, but it's just a bunch of email templates. All right, so this long page bunch of email templates and it crushed back in the day. And this is a great example tool templates. You're just selling tools or templates. There's not a lot of story involved to it. It is strictly just here are the tools like what the tools have done for you. You can see here he has like the headline and then go ahead and get them. And so this one crushed. And I love tools and templates if you're in a B2B market. And also you could do this in a saturated market where if a lot of people have been teaching things like for example if you know low ticket call funnels got very saturated everyone was teaching it I probably wouldn't do a course on it. I probably just be like hey you know low ticket call funnels work so here are the tools and templates. So you really want to go after the market that's one to 100 not zero to one. Like if you're teaching a new model to somebody you're probably not going to give them tools and templates cuz they don't understand what the model is or what tools or templates they would need. But if you're selling to someone who already knows what the model is then you could sell them tools and templates. All right. Now, for the people who are 0 to1 who don't know what a good model is or don't know what a model is, then I would definitely do a 1 hour fast start. So, if you had a high ticket accounting master class, we did a funnel here where we sold a master class for $27. This one cut their CPA for a high ticket client in half from $1,000 or from $2,000 to $1,000 and it crushed. And this was just a 1-hour long master class with a Google doc. It's just a fast start teaching them a new model. So, his whole thing is how to go from charging low ticket retainers to high ticket. So, he teaches them how to do it. And we sold that and the ad's been running for almost two years now. It's been crushing. So, this one's great for pretty much any market, but especially once you're teaching people a new business model like a bisob or something that requires learning and educating them on the model. Definitely do the 1 hour fast start. Now, another one that works well for that same type audience is a paid case study. This is one we did for Jeff Miller. A lot of you guys probably had this hitting your feed for a long time. We enrolled thousands and thousands of customers. I built this entire thing for him. We took his school group from zero to $100,000 a month in recurring revenue with this funnel on cold traffic. So, it absolutely ripped and it was a pretty janky funnel, but it ripped. And we were just doing a case study. So we did like see how I'm getting four to eight agency clients per month and fulfill in 30 minutes operate at 75% margin. So it's just a case study. And pretty much what this is is you just walk people through a case study of something you've done. So for looking at call funnels like I could do one like this where I show like here's how we booked you know a,000 sales calls this month net CPA of like $50 a sales call. And I would just take you through showing you examples of how we did it and that would be it. So it's very similar to 1 hour fast start but instead of being framed as a master class you frame it as a case study. So, these two are very similar and you could use them for the same thing. Now, this one works for any market. It is my favorite. This one for sure is my go-to that we use right now, especially since we are in the health market. If you're doing health, definitely do challenges. If you're doing female market, definitely do challenges, but pretty much is a course, but it's framed as a challenge. So, instead of saying course and saying module, you say day one, day two, day three instead of modules. And you just give them assignment to do every single day. It's evergreen. It's not live and it's great. And a good example of this is if you go to strategicparing.com, they have amazing challenges. Go through it, buy their products, and check it out. The guy actually published this is a student of ours inside of our program where we teach people how to own their own offers. Uh, which if you're interested in that, if you want to fire your clients to own your own offers, I have a link down below to ascensionofficer.com, but he crushes it with this. And what credits do, he's doing a great job with these. So, this is my favorite. You can also do a low ticket done for you offer. So this is if you're selling like B2B, you can deliver something at a low ticket to ticket price done for you. I do this at clientsforfree.com where I'll personally create your low to get offer bonuses, bumps and upsells 100% done for you. So it takes you about 10 minutes per order to do this. So I can do about 10 a day. And so this is great if you want really highquality people. Usually sell for $97. You can also look up Rudy Mau. He does this for done for you ads. Leen J does this for done for you cold emails. And there's a lot of email people that do this for ecom agencies. So those are the five winning frontend offers. So think about it and what I said which one makes sense for you in your market. Pick that and say okay I know what I'm going to be giving them now. Here's how I'm going to format it and go with that. But again this is my favorite. If you didn't know which one to do just pick this one and or you could also pick tools and templates. These are my two favorite. All right. So if you want to know Josh what hill will you die on? Those are the two I love and I gave you examples so you can just go Google those and look up those links. All right. Step number five is create your order bump. So now that we know what our front end offer is and the formatting there, now we need to come with our order bump. So my rules with order bumps are very simple. Number one, we want something that helps them get a result faster. So, we think about, all right, if we're selling, you know, a challenge or a paid case study showing people how to start their agency, it's like, what can we give them to speed that up? And so, we want to think, hey, what can we give them something that can get this result faster? Rule number two is we want to do something that removes friction and thinking. All right? So, you want to think about, hey, if there's, you know, a challenge on the front end or a course on the front end, can we give them tools or templates or things like that that can go with it? And then rule number three is something that complements and doesn't replace the front end. So what I like to say though and the easiest way to start is your order bump should just be tools and templates. All right, you give them the model. Even if you're doing tools and templates, give them more. And so you can see here, you know, winning ad campaign master class. That's a more of a tool than a template. Upsell secret zero checklist is one I did. That's also a checklist. That's a tool. So tool template swipes are the best order bumps. Now bump number one, you can do one for $18 to $27. Bump number two would be $22 to $40. And bump number three would be $40 to $67. If you're like, which product should be for which one, just think like, hey, based on the perceived value of the product, what range does it fit in? And then make that your bump one, two, or three. So, we have our front-end offer. We know what's going to be inside of it. We know our format for that. And now you know your order bump, how to price it, what the rules are for that. So, you're done with step number five. Once you're done, you can move on to step number six. Now, with the low ticket to get call funnel, there's two different types of sales processes you can use if you want to get people on the phone. The first one is the direct offer, one call close. And so this is usually after you buy, you get taken to a VSSL, you make a direct offer, hey, apply for this thing. And they book a call just like it'd be a normal VSSL funnel, just the hook and opener would be different because they purchased a product. The second way is what we call the implementation call where it's a two call process. And the first thing they see is just a calendar for them to book a call. Now, with the direct offer, the pro is you have higher intent calls with people who are aware that they're applying for an offer. But the con is that there's a lower call booking rate since people just want to go through the product. So for something like this, you know, you're probably looking at like 20% of your buyers will book a call right in the funnel. You'll get more people through your emails and membership, but you want to shoot for 20% versus if you're doing this one, you're probably going to get like 60%. 60% of people who buy will book a call through this calendar. But again, remember this has lower intent. This is higher intent. So this one is great. If you have an existing two-step sales process, use this. If you don't have a two-step sales process, you're doing one step or you've never done it before, just start with a direct offer upsell to get started. It's a lot harder to crack this. You get more volume through it. But again, if I'm you, I would just stick with this one to get started. Just you're used to the sales process you currently have right now. Now, step number seven, we need to frame the book of call upsell. So, now that we know whichever one we're doing, how do we frame it? Now, I actually have a YouTube video that you guys can watch. I'll link it down below. It's called info product upsell secrets. I actually spoke at Russell Brunson's offer lab event in front of him and got to share this. But my VSSL structure is very simple. Whenever you're doing an upsell, whether it's book a call or any product, what you want to do is you want to affirm the customer. We want to agitate them. We want to reveal the next product and then close them and get them to take an action. So that's all you want to do. So for this again, we would say like, "Hey, congrats on buying a low ticket offer this, this, and that." Then we'd agitate them and say, "Hey, we noticed people that bought the product. We usually have this problem." And then we'd reveal the product, which is why we invented this thing. and they close it, hit the link down below and buy. That's the summarized version. I go through a script, an example in this video, so click the link below to check that out or you can go look it up on my channel. Now, step seven number eight is to assemble your entire funnel. Okay. Now, here's my flow. You guys can do it however you want, but once you have all this outlined and figured out, you've gone through this process, now we can assemble it. And this is how I like to do it and how our team does it for our partners when we publish offers for them. So, day number one, we collect the assets. So if you have an existing high ticket offer, which you should collect testimonials, do your market research, we put it into AI, we'll like, you know, do a bunch of research on that, take him through it like, hey, what is our avatar? Day seven, we write the copy. So we'll go through write all the copy for it. And then design usually takes 14 days to get it finalized through a designer. You probably could do it faster. And then we set up the tech. Now, I know you guys are probably wondering, okay, Josh, like what funnel structure do you use? Well, I use a template from Alan Sultanic called the AC funnel. He runs a group called nothing out back where you can actually get these templates or if you become one of our certified ascension officers. You can also license it through us. But it looks like this. All these funnels are following the structure. So if you were to go to send for your email system on wayback machine, high ticket accounting masterclass their agency behind the scenes strategic parenting clients forfree.com you will see the funnel template and you can plug this into AI have it turn into a template for your market and just use it that way. So it's very easy to do that too or you can get the templates pre-built out. But this is a structure you can see that I use. So you're like, "What copy do I write?" I would say go swipe on these funnels I'm giving you. Model it for your market. Don't start from zero and try to come with your own funnel structure. It's better to use what's working right now. So for example, what I mean by doing that is you can go to, you know, strategic parenting.com. We have our funnel here. What I can do is I can go to Manis. I like using Manis for AI stuff right now. You can use any tool, too. But I go to Manis. I'd say go like this. Put this in here. And I can say, "Hey, I want you to take this funnel that I just added. and I want you to turn it into a copy template. So, extract the text, turn it into a template applies for any market, and I'm going to have you fill out that template using our information on the offer. Okay? I use Whisper AI to do that. If I go through here, put that into that. This is just a rush way. Obviously, you can get the templates and do whatever you want, but it's going to go through and start doing this. So, I'll come back once it's done. So, as you can see here, it's going through the page now, pulling all the copy, scraping it, seeing how it works, how it flows, and it's going to turn into a template. So, as you can see here, it's now pulled the pre- headline, main benefit section, this, this, or that. So, then you can go in, put in your target audience, answer all these questions, and it'll give you all the copy, and then you can slap it into your own design. So, don't overthink this process. These days, you have AI, so it should not be something that really makes it hard for you. You should be able to do this without having to write anything manually. So, as you can see, it's pulled all the information, the headline, the main benefit sections, the real problem, all of this. It's turned into a template. All you have to do is just plug in your information. It'll fill it out. it'll spit back the copy to you and you're good to go. So really guys, use an existing funnel structure similar to you and your market. Have AI turn into a template and then obviously the design we do a lot of our mockups and the design through Manis as well too. Again, the best way to do is just feed it examples, have it copy stuff. That's the easiest way to get a good output. And luckily for you, I've given you five funnels that you can do that too. So you really have no excuse at this point. So you'll collect your assets, you'll get the copy done, you'll put in a design, you'll set the text. The next thing you want to do is step number nine. This is the most important step is your back-end ascension system. So, as you know, as you saw here, 20% of the buyers will book a call through this right inside the funnel through the two call process. 60% will book right there. But that still leaves 80% and another 40% from these people depending on which path you take who have not booked a call yet. So, the question becomes, how do we get everybody onto the call? Now, there's four main ways. The first one is email automation. So, what you want to do is you want to set up a welcome and onboarding sequence that's 7 days long. So, what this looks like is for 7 days, you're just saying, "Hey, welcome in. Day one, do this. Watch this video. Get started. It's going to be awesome." And we're just motivating them to use the product they just purchased. On top of that, since we're doing a webinar, which we'll talk about in a second, every single week, we promote a weekly webinar to people who have not signed up for it yet. And then you will do a non-booker nurture sequence, which is just ongoing. And this would just be your normal broadcast campaign. So, you have the welcome onboarding flow getting them to go into the product with a soft CTA. You have your weekend webinar promotion saying, "Hey, join the webinar if you haven't yet." And then you after that, if they still haven't booked, then you'll just put them into your flow. We're sending value emails just like you would for your normal broadcast flow. Now, the second thing is our weekly fasttrack call. So, we run a weekly Zoom call where we get everyone onboarded and do a short training so that we can tell them our philosophy, get them bond to our process, and then have them book a call. I have another video on my channel talking more about how to run those that you can check out. But it's very simple. We just intro say, "Hey, here's what's up. Here's who we are." We then take them through onboarding. So we say, "Hey, is everyone logged in?" We talk them through the product, how to get started. And then we do a short training where we say, "Hey, here's our philosophy. Here's what makes us different." And at the end, we do a CTA. It's like, "Hey, if you guys want this, this or that, or you want us to think for you in these areas, go ahead and book a call." And so it's not like a normal webinar with a bunch of slides. It's very onboarding focused and we run it very raw and just off the cuff. Now, the third way is outbound setters. So, you guys probably already have these in your funnels, but we have people call every single buyer, make sure they get access to the product, and pitch them to schedule a call. And if they don't schedule a call, if they don't want to, then what they'll do is they'll push them back to the webinar and have them join a webinar since they can be on there with the face of the offer to get educated. And then inside the membership area, what you want to do is add a CTA to a VSSL for them to book a call. And you can use your existing VSSL funnel or the one from your low ticket funnel. And you just want to pitch them on the high ticket offer under every single video. So, that's always there. So, we have a lot of people that will come through and book from this calendar as well on the back end. So, we have our email, which we do the daily 7-day sequence. Then, we do the weekly webinar promotion and then the ongoing emails to the non-bookers. We have the weekly Zoom call where we onboard them and get them to book a call. We have outbound setters. Then, we have the membership area. Those are the four main ways that you'll scoop up people if they don't book right in the funnel. Now, let's talk about step number 10, which is launching your first ad campaign. I'm going to give you the script that we use that works extremely well. As you can see here, we always use a direct offer. So, we always make it very clear that we're selling a product so we don't get clicks that will bounce when they see the price on the page. Do not run ads like you do for a VSL where you say, "Click here to learn more. This, this, that." Make it clear there's a price, say there's a discount, give them the offer right away. And so, this is the script that we use for a body copy. You can also frame that in the videos. And then on top of that, you guys can go ahead to the ads library and see some examples here. But for creatives, we test both videos and images for our ads just like you would for any other funnel, right? The only thing that changes is that when we mention the price or that there's a discount and we say that up front. So, it's very similar, but you're saying here's a price. So, you guys can check out this ad library, see some examples there. There's some other great ones from your parenting. You can go to my ad libraries. It's all laid out there. Now, on my channel, I'm documenting taking a non-bisop offer from zero to $100,000 a month and a h 100,000 to a million a month. And in the last video, I actually went through and broke down the themes and styles that are doing the best for our ads. And so I want to walk you guys through those there so you can see which ones do well. So the first one was expertled educational demos. So the vast majority of my spend and engagement is concentrated in video ads where credible expert demonstrates a technique or debunks a common misconception. These aren't polished brand videos. They feel like someone pulled you aside to explain something that you've been trying and getting wrong. That energy is what's stopping the scroll. The strongest performers is this style using a mythbusting narrative where the expert challenges conventional wisdom then introduces a counterintuitive alternative. People stop because they feel called out for doing the wrong thing. They stay because their correction feels specific and actionable. All right. Now, the second type of ads that's working well is a problem first framing with across image and video creatives that earn the most engagement lead with the problem, not the product. The narrative arc is always here's what's broken, here's why the common fix doesn't work, here's what actually works. This threeact structure is a consistent across your top performing creatives by CTR. The static images that frame a specific physical issue. Visual evidences cuz we do a health offer are driving the highest click-through rates on the account. We also have UGC production style. Every video on the account follows a UGC style format. Direct to camera, minimal production, no real person delivery, no voiceover or B-roll, no heavy motion graphics. The tone is conversational and authorative, not salesy. This is working because it feels like content, not an ad, which lowers the viewer's guard. The fourth one is split screen visual. So, the newest creatives that are combining expert speaking in one frame with visuals or demonstration in another. So, we do like a green screen like a Tik Tok where there's something behind them. There's a little person in the corner. So, those are the four ad formats that are doing super well. So, take this, format it for yourself and to your market and get them live. And remember, you want to have a direct offer up front. And so here's the body copy template you can steal and use for your ads and then you can just pick whatever creatives that you want. Now there is a low ticket scaling mindset that you need to have because most people treat this funnel like they would any other funnel and then they don't scale it right. And so here's how I approach it. Step number one is you want to get the front end to 10 frontend units a day. If you're not hitting 10 to 10 to 15 frontend units a day, the offer might not be hitting the market. Something must be wrong on the sales page. And so we need to fix that. So spend to get to 10 to 15 frontend units a day. Now, you also have to understand that let's say your average CPA in your market's $50. That means to get to 10 units a day, you'd have to do 50 time 10, that's $500 a day. So, don't spend $100 a day and expect 10 sales. Spend like $500 a day, $600 a day, get to 10 to 1500 units a day. And then we can move on from there. Then what you want to do is you want to look at your backend metrics to see if you're sending 1 to 3% of your buyers. That's the KPI we want to be in. So, we want to say, hey, 10 to 15 front end units and then 1 to 3% of our buyers are sending to the back end. Now, what I find is it usually takes a 100 units on the front end for a brand new load to get offer for someone who's never done one before to get one high ticket client. So, if you haven't gotten 100 yet, keep it running. I actually had a client the other day who had 30 front-end units and got two high ticket units on the back end, but that's very rare. So, just know there is a ramp up period. And then once we get that in KPI, once the back end is dialed, then we push spend on the front end. So once we know that 1 to 3% of our buyers are going to the high ticket offer, we do the math and we just increase the spend and try to get to 30 to 50 units on the front end. So what we're doing is we're validating the front end offer and then we're optimizing the back end and then we're scaling the front end. So it's validate the front end, optimize the back end, and then scale the front end. And remember to use a KPI calculator to figure out the allowable CPA. So up here, I showed you guys this sheet. go through here, do the math, and say, "Okay, if my high ticket fee offer is this, my closing rates this, this, and that, how much can I spend on the front end to be at liquidation or at a slight loss to make this work. So, make sure to use the sheet. Again, all you have to do to get this is go ahead, click the link down below, download the KPI tracker. I'll send it over to your email." So, guys, that's it. It's really that simple. Again, if we were just overview, kind of break it down. What I'm doing is I'm looking at my backend offer. What is it that they're actually paying for? Then I think what on the front end do I need to give them to get them to the point be my backend offer. I do a front-end three order bumps right to book a call. We do a direct offer to start. We have our email ascension system set up at a bare minimum and our weekly webinar. We run the ads with a direct offer using the forums I showed you. We scale front to back to validate that it's working. We optimize backend, make sure it's in KPI and we increase the spend. Run it like a Chad. Don't overthink it. It's that simple. And then obviously I have plenty of other videos on my channel documenting how I'm doing this. So, make sure to subscribe and watch those videos. But this is the process. Follow those steps. Get your offer live and start booking calls at a net cost lower than what you're doing at right now with your VSSL call funnel. And if you have any questions, feel free to click the link below, schedule oneonone call with me where we can answer all your questions and build everything out live. Or if you want to skip ahead and you want us to just map out what your offer should be so you can get building it, you can go to clientsfree.com and for $97, I'll send you a donefor you low ticket offer launch plan. But that being said, guys, I will see you on the next


╔══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╗
║  FONTE: He Made $5,000,000 From His Info Business Last Month (Here’s How) [6nnA9pqYxI0].en.txt
║  VÍDEO: He Made $5,000,000 From His Info Business Last Month (Here’S How) [6Nna9Pqyxi0].En
║  ADICIONADO EM: 04/08/2026
╚══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╝

Wait. All right, guys. What's going on? We're here back with Ryan Clog, the man, the myth, the legend. Last month, Ryan Clog crossed $5 million uh in their online education business. Not make money online. So, before you guys start thinking that, it was not make money online. Obviously, when I say Ryan Clog, I mean the whole team. There's people. We can talk about Luke, who Blake, the actual, you know, the face there, all those great things. And so, uh, but Ryan here is just the man who likes to be the facing ground and share everything going on. So, uh, from the marketing side, he's taken on the the as the internet marketing guru of the company and, uh, the man running around sharing the numbers. So, congrats first off. Um, emotionally, how does it feel? Five million, I know, is a big goal. Is are you just like, okay, like do you ever hit a point where you like celebrate, dang, this is awesome, and then you just like lock back in. Like, mentally, what's going on in your head? Yeah. So, this is not going to be just about that, right? No, we're talking about I got tons of questions. I just want to start off this because I just I just posted that because of the the vet and the whatever idea of that I actually didn't even know if I was I don't I still don't know if I'm going to do a month review. I've been doing month reviews since I started doing videos. Whatever, four or five months. It's been almost five. It's five months now, I think. Um, but I was doing month reviews. I was doing month reviews and we were losing 30 grand a day and everything was broken and we were at 1.5 a month. We were throughout the entire beginning of the year we were stuck at 1.5 a month because we couldn't crack a piece of it. And then the last two months we did 2.97 and then 2.94 I think or 2.94 then 2.97 I can pull it up. And then yeah so for us uh very transparently like we had a big renewal zone of things which is amazing because one that means our customers love our product and two that means that we have a lot uh higher contribution to overhead that comes from those because there's no cost to advertise there's no cost to acquire there's no any of that. Um it's strictly fulfillment costs. So it was a very profitable month as well um because of that for us which is amazing. So and the bet and the and the let's clear that up these guys they were they were at let's give context. So you met somebody, you went to an event, you went to I know. So yeah, I started making videos and and descend master guys reached out. Tan specifically and nicest freaking guy in the world. Like dude reached out was giving like we were saw us back and forth. Someone on his team was watching the videos. Um so we reached out. I had him on my uh on my channel on one of the videos and then they ended up saying that they were going to go to the Eman event which was at the time eight figure license which you're in as well. that all that we can talk about that but like 8 figureure license which is now consulting.com which is the quantum part of it right so it's called quantum inside of there so we went to the London event they went to that as well I got to meet them in person for the first time him and his business partner Sem nice fun like euro dudes right they're out good ass dudes and it's like 4 in the morning and we're having cigars and stuff and just up late and we kind of like joked about like let's set uh something and so we set a like a bet that's really not that big of a monetary value at all. It's just like it was a fun thing between us. Yeah. Was that was 5 mil a month because neither of us had hit it. We had both gotten to 3 point something as our peak months last year. Both of us did we both did 30 uh last year. So there's just like all these similarities, but their AOV is like 25 GS. They're in a crypto market which there's a bull freaking market happening. They have like all these things on their corner and then ours is the direct spons. So, we set this bet of who can do 5 mil a month two months in a row. So, nobody's won anything to be clear. So, they didn't hit it last month, so we just hit it. But again, we had this big renewal push, which is amazing for us. And like I'm not going to like discount that, but like a big portion of that, not a big, not a majority, but a portion of that was that. So, now it's how can we ramp the front end to make because the big thing is like how do you make it so the front end is five, eight, 10. So it's consistently that and then all the renewal stuff and retention is like not icing on the cake which is what we did viewed it for a long time as that. But so it's actually like icing on the cake is the wrong word. It's like it that's the big profit center of the business that's in any business a lot of the time when you're direct response heavy because you burn a lot of the cash on the advertising on the sales rep on the acquisition the entire acquisition side. So a lot of the profits made on the back when you retain when you uh upsell when you ascend when you crossell when you renew any of those things. So this was a great month for us in all ways. Um, now it's just like full seam ahead into the next month and like we're making a strong push to make sure because we've never hit five. Last year, this month was our peak month. So last year, July, we did 3.7 and then everything exploded after that actually is like when the CPA stuff that's when we like and we're at like 2.8 and then 2.5 and then 1.7 like and then got stuck into coming through this year at like one. Yeah. Cool. Well, hey, congrats on that. Obviously, still more to come. Cleared that. Awesome. A lot more work to do. A lot more work. More work. So, let's talk about the work. Um, we'll talk about the work to get there in a second, but I'm just curious. I had a question for you. Uh, in July, based on all the interviews you did, people you talked to. What's an uh what's something you learn that you're really going to hold on to out of all the conversations that you took away that you're taking into this month and months forward? What's one big takeway? You talk a lot of big people, you know, talk a lot of people, dude. I Yeah, I just got off one actually right before this on someone else's uh big lead genen guy. Um, and so how I framed it on there is how I believe I get like a nugget if nothing else. I I get a nugget from basically every single one that I every single person that I talk to. Um, so like an example, the Jason one when Jason was talking about Jason Fladlin. How do you pronounce that? Fladlin. Fladlin. I I say Fladdlin. I think that's right. Fladlin. So I always feel like I guess I hate when I butcher people's names, but I'm really bad in the panic, right? I I don't even know if it's still right. I always freak up his name. I've known him for a while now. I'm like, I'm sorry, dude. So, yeah, Will basically he opened my mind to the idea. So, we don't do webinars at all. So, probably back in the day, we were direct selling the info product that we sold over the phone in the beginning. We did have a direct to checkout like a 2Ka ovens OG style, but we like barely ran it and we were all not as sophisticated and as we are kind of now in terms of the marketing game. Um, not to say again at all that we're XYZ way, but like where we've come with it. So, we still never have won run direct to cart anything and we now just have low ticket ascension and that's the only direct toart situation. So, he said something in that call that was around selling and testing to your current customers and then I talked to Will and then I talked to these other guys and I'm like, oh, this is like an interesting breakthrough moment for us uh in that idea. So, basically just talking about how to use webinars on the front, on the back, and ways to get to pitch new offers to come up with things that then make their way to the front end. And that's how he did the 56 million launch. That's how he did like through those. That was a good one. Um, I'm actually gonna, if you don't mind, I'm going to pull up mine and just go because I have literally Nick Fischer. Yep. Was two days ago. He is brilliant. Brilliant. I've heard his name for a very long time. Yeah. He's always been very low-key. I'm excited. I told him on there I'm like the the people who know know about every everyone who's big knows who Nick is. It's just like the masses kind of of info coaching or the people who are kind of newer in the space or the guys who know like Yeah. Yeah. So he absolutely crushes he's got all the data behind it. I mean he shared screen on there of like you know 62% margins of very large guys in the space that he is co-owner in. Um they're doing size I mean whatever that was the cumulative amount of like 2022 or whatever he showed was over 20 million in profit. So like he's another big community-led backend profits in the backend guy and he dominates with that big webinar guy. That was a good one. Um Wills was interesting. I got a lot of flack on Wills because of things that he's had that he's supposedly, you know, sold that they didn't get delivery on. I have that every once in a while is like people are customers of him that didn't get it and either didn't implement it and didn't get it or direct scam or whatever they say happened and I have no this is not my fault. Yeah. You're just chilling. It's not my fight. I'm not selling [ __ ] I don't care. I'm not selling their [ __ ] I'm not like at all. So um his was interesting though because he did automate a big portion of his business both through people and the systems of webinars. So the automated actual webinars, the live webinars and then his actual team as well for the delivery of that. So that product still runs. People are like, "Oh, it's a scam because he moved on to something else." That's the class. I'm like, "Yeah, I saw that." Yeah. He has an operator that runs the business. Yeah. That's all everyone does. Every big group anyone you look at, they have an operator. Yeah. So you have an operator that runs the business and the fulfillment side of things and then you have an automated literal automated way on the front end to acquire customers. So explain to me what part of that is not how are you mad? Oh, you lied. Yeah. How are you mad? Like he doesn't have to post on whatever to get a sale like it's not like anymore. So yeah, that was good. I'm curious when you think it's uh and you can keep going after this, but saying a webinar is live when it's actually not live. I don't know because I've never done webinars. So like I don't know. I I mean like I don't know how I feel about it or where do and e ethics land on that because I haven't I haven't done that. I don't know. Yeah. No, I don't know. I just think it's funny. I was because you can say like you're broadcasting a workshop. You're not saying it's live. You're just broadcasting a recording. So I know that's how people dance around in it like wording wise, but I don't know. I don't I don't know either. I think it's the least of scam like unethical things that people are doing. Like come on. The last two I'll say and then we can move to something new. But uh Cole, Gordon, and Ravi, I'm going to put them in the same bucket with different skill sets, different but a lot of overlap. And both of them gave me the sense of ease, not ease, uh ease of life. So like calm, um balance, like VU things. And even though they're sicko entrepreneurs, like they are doing the things in life that I would categorize like a Dan Martell in where they like prioritize parts of life. They think strategically, they think in systems, right? Scaling with systems. Cole is very much so in that direction. Like those guys, they they live that too and how they go about things and I appreciate that a lot. So it kind of that changed my frame on a lot of things. I actually re I rebuilt my like mission. Yeah. View board thing. Yeah. after my call with Robbie on your mission. Now, I know I talked to you our last interview or we did on your channel or the first time I jumped on, you said how like progression was a word you hold on to and that's kind of all you really said. I don't know yours like progression added to it. Stays and hold. I mean like for the longest time it's been like oh get this thing and then like I get that thing and it's like oh just get more more of that thing or like a nicer version of that thing. Um, but I kind of switched up a little bit on that like how I want to spend my days, how I want to spend my time. Like I love this and I enjoy this and I enjoy the game of this, but I also have like achievement pieces that hit in there and the financial parts are downstream. I also posted something, you know, I posted that website one time this like in the last month that was like some luxury thing. It was like my top tweet. I'm like classic money Twitter. Yeah, bro. And everyone's like site's dangerous. And someone asked they're like, "Oh, like does that drive you like all these mon like these things?" And for sure like number on a screen like to achieve this but it's more so like who you become to hit it. And then true realness like I enjoy a nice car. I enjoy I'm at my house 95% of the time. So like yeah I enjoy my nice I I like having a nice space. I'm not going to leave I don't leave here. So like I want a nice house apartment whatever. Right now I'm in like a townhouse thing like cuz I'm in this in between. Do you have roommates? No I haven't. Dude I haven't had roommates since you're alone. You're at your house alone. Yeah. Lowkey this whole time I kind of thought you were in your mom's. Not going to lie, I thought you sold the parents house. I was like, "That's pretty ball." No. So, like I went from I was in I was in PR last three and had a condo and then sold the condo and then as next jump got an apartment and then now I'm going to move somewhere warm again because I went through a winter sucked. So, I'm going to move somewhere warm again and I'm still going to rent though. Yeah. Gotcha. Purchasing purchasing land, right? I was see my accountant was like, "Hey, for based on t my CFO, she's like based on your taxes like get a short-term rental. You get a couple." I'm like, but I looked in that I don't want to manage that. I guess that doesn't Paul was a very good conversation about that and same with Robbie. Again, both guys I saw someone tweet earlier today that was like you're not wealthy until your the money like the interest you earn from your money would classify you as rich. What did they what was their perspective on outside in like investing in things other than their business? Cole said Cole said in one of his videos he uses Do Wealth, which is also another another big info coaching guy uses him that I know. And then Luke uses him like a lot of people use them. They're out of Scotssdale and they do a lot of stuff like that. But yeah, I mean in the end right now is like I'm on this path of things like active income and focus on there which is like generally speaking the skill set before wealth, capital allocation, management, all that kind of stuff. So like I'm not even in the place to be able to talk about like the easy tax thing which is like if you go if you go to Puerto Rico and do that tax thing like I'm not gonna say it's easy but like it's very simple on like just drawing down the front and then getting zero and kept gain like that's what it is. Um, and I didn't even I didn't even do that correctly. Like I mean I did it correctly like to the book, but like I didn't optimize for like insane amounts of inflow like doing a bunch of personal and travel and like an idiot and like not focused on making money really while I was there. Stupid. And then I left and now it's like life is amazing and it's like classic, dude. It's [ __ ] classic. How do you know you did that? That's funny. Dang. Oh yeah. I was I was an idiot then. I was an absolute idiot. So like this last year has been very very good for me in terms of personal which then is the business in a lot of ways. Got it. Okay. So, talking more business-wise, personal grade, it's fun to kind of see into your life. I kind of like though, and you should keep this up. It's kind of fun not knowing too much about your personal life. It's you're very mysterious and you should hold that frame for your brand. Like, I don't know. You only see this part of your room. I thought you're at your mom's basement. I don't know where the freak you live. Just like it's kind of sick. I kind of like that because it's like you never meet your heroes. Never meet like once you learn more about them. Yeah. It sucks. It kills the frame. I've met a lot of heroes that have that I had a different Yeah. Yeah. you like and you meet him like a man that's kind of fun when you were just on the webinar or the YouTube channel. Anyways, um okay, business-wise hires you're a you posted recently you're hiring more salespeople. Yes. How many more are you hiring? You said 20 40. Hit my DMs if you're a closer and you're in US because it's W2 only. Yeah. You have experience. Um so hit my DMs. But yeah, we're hiring right now pretty aggressively because what I just said like we did not hit five in new in front end sales reps are on the front end and we did not hit and that is a function of a lot of things but we you know you need more availability before you can ramp spend. So availability comes from more team qualified good team and we want quality. Um but at some level like we're looking to kind of bulk dirty bulk a little and like really ramp it up and then like see where the metrics are and see where everything sits. We have new financing options that just started today that we've never had. We have like all these things that we're layering into the front and then we're going to hammer things with ads so we can test all the fun. Your financing that you did, do they give you a good deal? I have. Yes. Good. They're not holding anything for a certain amount of time. Stop. I'm going to knock on everything in this room. No. Uh I'm in No, we're we're in a big enterprise viewpoint of things like I'm trying to understand. That's good. Okay. Um, so what with what's a ramp up period going to take the sales team, the new people you're bringing in, what's how many months usually till they're up to par with like the rest of the team. Do you know that number yet? Like are you because for a while a good a good out of the I mean reps that's all over the board, right? You can have a rep. So like a general training period is x amount of weeks. A general this is this amount of time. Okay. We're kind of going a little against that. Yeah, just get a bunch of people in so we can test a lot of things and so we can lean into spend. Yeah. Um but yeah, for us right now it'll be a shorter time frame and then it's whatever. Different people say different things. It's 30 calls, it's 80 calls, it's 100 calls, it's whatever number and then of that closed x amount. And like ours has kind of jumped around and we have new chief of sales in there that's going to you know crush it and train and all that and has probably different expectations and like that's on them to he's he's a rockstar and like keys are in his castle like he's he's good. He can do what he wants with hiring and firing and Yeah. And then when it comes to your low ticket, I know you had you mentioned your only direct card is a low ticket right now. I know the one that you I mean the one you built a while ago that's still running. So funny, bro. That it's like that stupid fun, bro. Yeah, it's crazy. In all fairness, in all fairness, they have they've made adjustments to it. Um slight adjustments to it, but it's still like the ugly OG. Yeah, it's ugly. No claims. There's no freaking number. Like it's insane. I don't know. I love sharing that because it just shows people you can do this without like crazy. Or in one example, I was think about like the moves method. Uh Josh Yeah, I talked to uh what's his name? Josh, I believe. Yeah, dude. I've I talked to them um when I started making videos. He reached out and uh popped on. He's Yeah, he's a good dude, too. No simple funnel, no crazy claims. Just crazy claims, but like amazing offer. Amazing. The new page design is very clean. I don't know if you saw any of the new ads. No, I only saw the old one that base like that thing was I don't know any of the details of their stuff and like nor do I want to dox or stuff like Yeah. But it's cool like how it shows you don't need to be going crazy claims and uh to crush it, but how's your current load ticket doing right now? What's the bottleneck? What do you know? Obviously, your CML handles a lot more of that, but what do you know? How's it going? Have you launched a new one yet? Would you do a second one, third one? Yes. So, the first one is up and we're kind of just of the belief that it is not a cold friendly enough offer to scale to the size because like let's use let's use simple math, right? Let's say we want five units or I'm sorry, we have a 5% ascension rate. Let's say and like at scale I've heard a lot of time it's three and eight or you know different things like Robin said his like a 13% from his like um so yeah, a lot of different things. Let's say it's five. So if you need to sell a hundred units a day on average, which doesn't work out to the exact, but like on average you need to sell 100 units of low ticket to get five high ticket. So five high ticket and let's say you have a $7,000 AOV. Okay, that's 35 grand a day from from the back. Okay, five units is not even close to the numbers we need to be at. We need to be at 30 units. Is it more? So like you know if you want to sell 30 on the front 30 divided by the 5%. Is sorry I broke my computer is 600 low tickets a day. So to sell 600 low tickets a day you need and stay in pocket of net CPA you need something that crushes. You need something right or you need something that then has affiliate or whatever other types of traffic partnerships or click or whatever but then is the ascension rate tank on those because they're not the same quality. They don't come in the same way. And we have ascension. So when it's ascension focused with the booking, you get throttled better. Is huge. Yeah. Well, and the booking widget, you need availability. So now you need availability of setters and closer. Like it's a whole dance. So the belief that uh that's not the low ticket for scale. It works really well almost as like a retargeting asset that has uh other things come through it. We're focusing on building out new ones right now. Um so they so we built a new one. New one is live. we're testing and messing with very very bare bones or not bare bones but very early days not bare bones um yep so yeah dang um yeah all to say it's working well for us it has the best show rates and has the best close rates just getting the economics correct yeah bro freaking uh I I like what Vlad said on your and it gave me a new perspective and how I like to think about low ticket too or some low ticket offers where sampling what's up that's what he said that's what Jason said sampling sampling Yes. It's like a trial. And what your current one is, when I looked at your current one, I'm like, "Oh, yeah. This is just a trial of the floss kits and all their messaging." Uhhuh. And so that's why it works. And so it's funny. We were building out. So I'm uh we're building a new offer for low ticket offer for a company that's doing like four fourish million. I'm not going to say who. No doxing. I'm not going to share. No one ask. Not going to tell you. Um but they have a book a call funnel. We're just putting a load ticket in front of it, a new one. And we had a we have a mass market offer. We wrote a full front-end mass market offer that's going to penetrate people who aren't even existing. But then I also thought of like uh this other version we had which is um we've done for another offer. I'm like, "Dude, let's launch this because it's a great one to start with because they have all this data. They're running their call funnel and so it's an easy easy one to launch because now we're going to put it out there and just like kind of yours is where people are coming through already see the philosophy. Now it's just a sample." And so for everyone watching this, I think if you're like, "Okay, you have a VSSL callunnel running doing 100 $300,000 a month, you're pushing decent spend, you know, two 2,000 3,000 plus a day, easy low ticket. is just like a sample or kind of a case paid case study or something behind the scenes of your existing philosophy and then go penetrate the market with something else. Yes. Um and so I love that that you guys are now stepping into it. And one thing that's interesting too though is when you are running the ascension model quality of who you track on the front end affects everything else very much so. That's what I was saying about the affiliate thing is like one the issue of like what happens if you have an email affiliate that hammers it and then you get a thousand new units in a day and you don't have the availability because on thank you page you're booking calls or whatever. So it's like that'll nuke your ascension rate just off the rip in comparison to what you're used to. And then also the quality of that like if they come in under XYZ expectation or however you know affiliate land um you don't necessarily know that the different traffic source is going to have the same ascension. Um so it's always good to have customers. It's always good to have more leads. It's always good to whatever. But like there are there are other potential pieces of this puzzle that need to be worked out. Yeah. Because I was talking to a dude who's running a it's a health offer, but it's more so supplements, ClickBanky, and they did $200,000 just from like a $250 AOV a couple days ago and one day, no high ticket. And I was thinking like, dude, I want to emulate that for a low ticket. But we run the ascension model and they're just anybody. They're just maximizing AOV and scale. Yeah. And so it doesn't make sense. No. To do that. It doesn't make sense to have an offer like that. Yeah. A lot of time not. Yeah. I think the low ticket the game I I don't know. I love it. I think there's there's guys who play like the catalog version of it. Yeah. I was just on a couple different these. We were just talking about like enterprise like payment orchestration systems and some of that stack and multiple people on some of these platforms are doing 200 200 plus in info coaching. um that also well info plus uh physical products um not supplements they're in sports niches they're in different things like that and I know you know over 200 so there's a lot of there's a lot of players in the space that are big that are doing some of low ticket whether that's physical product or info and then once they're inside there they have so many things to sell them and like different lines that they can go but with the catalog idea like you basically whether you're picking your own front end or you're picking your own middle and then they have these ascension rungs and re Yeah. So, it's really truly LTV game. It's truly which we have done a terrible job of. Like I I I try and just highlight as many times as possible like what we've done wrong, but like we did such a bad job of that. We didn't focus on it at all. We're on the hamster wheel of acquisition forever. Yeah. Very much so. What do you do? What's What are you doing terri What did you do terrible last month? Last month, um over booked. Um we had a lot of which is like a sales main kind of thing which is like just availability on weekends. You'll overspend into weekends which drag your average cost per pers up a lot. So like your average cost per booking and beyond. So average booking cost, average live call cost and average uh cost per close goes up because there's not the right availability or consistency in availability. That was a big one. Um we did a lot of testing last month so you can't really say that it was like directly you know an issue that we did that but like that also blended the costs a lot higher. Um so yeah so that was a big one. Uh we were layered in a lot of we're just layering in a lot of like operational we're trying to now that we have all really talented people and we have all this really talented stuff we have all this opportunity it's like everyone kind of feels like ah like all this stuff's going on trying to like structure it down and then we went from one funnel to seven funnels and we went from one like which is like almost dumb right it's like we almost went too far in that direction. Yeah. Now it's like you know do you go back to number three and optimize it probably and like focus on which one hits and like now we have all the data tracking around it. There's a lot of hiring that happened last month in operational and specific roles. You were because you're when you're thinking about getting into webinars and stuff like that. I mean, you're you're getting into webinars, but what the freak do you even do right now? Why are you help think like researching stuff like that? Do you help with the marketing team? I know you kind of stepped out of the the technical as much. Like why is your hand in that too? Some level at some level it like shouldn't be but like but you like it. you enjoy you like I like it. enjoy it kind of but like I'll be the first to say if you know CPA was half of what it is now I probably wouldn't spend much time over there like you know like they're and they're rockar okay the people in itself is one thing so it's like at an operational level like this we have a Tuesday uh we have an operations setup where it's like cross so it's like all the seuite and and uh like me Luke basically seuite and then on Thursdays we'll go through and do department specific where it's like we just talk sales leader we just talk marketing leader we just talk there and like the people are amazing so we're going to spend time with them no matter what So like a lot of these conversations you and I are having is like what we're talking about. Not I'm not like in a marketing meeting necessarily like deploying across there because like again we have extremely like you know the people but like extremely competent amazing people there. So like we're just doing ideation in these conversations and then it's either hearing it from there or hearing it from there and like we're talking about it and it's getting deployed or like it happened and the feedback loop's coming up and then we're talking about it with CMO, we're talking about it with cso and like yeah so everyone's jazzed, everyone's in a good place in space. It is a little hectic right now with everyone like and you know me also being like the guy who's cancelling the $19 subscription that comes in to like save money and then also on the other end now being like [ __ ] hammer it because I want to like grow to grow. We also like this bad thing is like funny but like it's you know it's it's fun you know uh decision- making at the seauite level or even throughout the teams. How do you guys come to a conclusion on what to do next and get started? Like obviously you got to trust one another. I feel like and some people it's going to go their way. Sometimes it doesn't. Do you feel like how do you even I just think about that I'm very because for me I like to just do everything myself. Yeah. I'm stepping on like again first want to say like we're live doing this. This is live doing this. We have this seauite that all is very like in the same team rowing the same direction for now a month basically. Like who am I to say you know we just hit five a month and there was a lot of renewals in there and you know three a month is where we've been at and like and three four months before that we're at one and a half like all of that like we're growing in that direction but there are the guys that do 10 and 20 and 40 and whatever a month in our exact space in our exact niches in our exact everything that can probably answer that better but like I can tell you how we're trying to do it navigating which is all I can do but like decision- making across there is basically what I said is like at some level We're just like you you you're good like yeah let's have these like group decisions basically come together and like here's our plan here's the direction we're going here's what we decide all more or less together it's like we have a bit of a steering the ship and a lot of steering the ship and then it's like here's how we would think it would be deployed here's the structure here's this I'll break down math like yep on Tuesday I was like here's our August plan that I basically came up with in this portion and from a lot of feedback from them and like let's let's workshop it okay let's remove this thing because that's actually not relevant and I just put together stuff prior but Like these guys are so capable like they're so smart like for their specific role and beyond, right? But like chief of sales like has a plan, right? Like chief of marketing like has a plan. Chief of product has a plan that's like not even released yet. Like chief of like all these people are crushing. Senior tech is like, "Okay, cool. We're going to deploy this whole thing. We're doing a whole data shift." And so like we're finally getting to that point. Um which is great. And like just want to empower and support and how can we help? And yeah, if we need something covered or we need our opinions on stuff or oh, they want like we want to be on a meeting, they want to like Yeah, that still happens. And yeah, thank you. That's sick. I love that. Uh well, cool, man. Appreciate you jumping on Sharon. Uh I think we'll just end it there. Just a little quick check-in. Uh 30 minute checkin. Okay, let's go. We can go Hey, I Hey, I can go longer. I can I want to talk webinars. How many people do you think I made sure you were my last one on the day, so Okay. How many people do you think are get on your webinar? I actually have no idea. I talked about that this morning. I don't know if it's going to be I want the first one to be demo version like I don't know if it's going to be 100 or 200 or if it's going to be like 800 or a thousand. I actually I have no expectation. I actually don't know. Um I actually don't know. Are you going to launch call? You're going to go direct to cart on that or you going to push a new offer to call? Call. You're doing call. Oh yeah, that's going to crush. Dude, that's been I've been seeing for like push app like Well, no. So all right, two different things. So like for the for the core starter whatever thing of if we're doing like two community style that will be that'll likely be direct to cart. Yeah. Yeah. But for if it was customerf facing we have no plans of like we don't have anything built. We don't like in the month of August there's nothing we can direct to cart do mass to like to leads or market. We don't have anything. And I'm not gonna build some spun up thing that is not in alignment with our brand and quality and all that stuff just to like sell it or just to like win something like that's not Yeah. We don't play that game. So like I have to take a L like but again we can do it through the systems and stuff we have. We don't need create something new and just sling it off the rip. That's [ __ ] just to try. No no no no no. Especially, I know you talk about flat, but like having an like a direct card offer doesn't take away from the back end is going to be like that's a hard Yeah, we already we've already been developing and building out a higher tier thing that you just Here you go. Here you go. We you just sell the live events on the webinar, dude. That's your direct to card. Again, fulfillment side of things is like my I mean Yeah. I I don't I don't disagree. I like No, I know. I know. It's this future thing, but I'm like, what the freak? Because that's different. Oh, no. Yeah. I don't I don't know what we would direct cart sell in any capacity. So yeah, that'd be like I don't even know because I mean it I think uh I've seen people do like to the live events and then you live event of course then they it's kind of like a reactivate people who have been a customer or get new people in. Yeah. And that's always sick. I remember some of the best people who ran events least in the make money space was clients and community because they came from like the MLM world and those events and they're they had it down to a science to ascend the people their back end and then reactivate us in there. Insane. I'm going on uh that trip in September. Oh to uh to Dan to the thing that they posted to who's posted. Did you say client ascension? No. No clients and community. Oh, sorry. Come on, man. Put some respect, King. No. Do you do you know the clients community guys? I don't know if I've met them, dude. They're okay. They're not in the space world. They actually are. Uh, okay. They kind of do stuff similar to what I do now. Behind the scenes. Let's just say they're just crushing. They're Yeah, they are crushing. and they clo they were doing like 10 million from clients in community and they were teaching on group funnels and they I think they're one of the they don't get enough flowers they do not get enough credit for what they did in the industry how good of a product they had their events how big of a business they built with those guys just legendary but they did these great inerson events in Arizona um and I go to them they were so good their ascension was were they were uh they were traffic and funnels guys right uh yeah they were stu they're all yeah they were that era. They're probably right after Track Funnels. So, you had like Yeah, I think they were in that like customer group of that. Dude, I have Yeah, I went to um actually I don't know if I ever talked about this. So, um but I just retweeted your live so maybe I didn't see it. No, you're good. I don't know. I can't It won't let me change the description. Someone in the comments won't let me know to change description. It just says join our live show. Like how stupid. Oh, you change it in Riverside before it's done. before. Oh, it's done. We're cooked. Hey, well, hey, join our live show. Welcome. Welcome. But, um, what was I going to say? Oh, so I when this was like kind of scaling up and my piece of the puzzle was a lot of the tech and systems and like structure and like marketing tech and again, it wasn't a lot of heavy marketing tech other than splits because we were running that one core funnel. So, even when it was going really well, like yes, we were ramping the sales team, yes, we were on with those guys. Um, yes, we were doing all of those. Um, but I had other interests and was doing other stuff and so I worked with a life insurance guy and did like a VSSL opt-in funnel booked a call for a life insurance guy that's sold whole life insurance and actually met him and then had become like really good friends with him through business which I'm a big believer in too by the way like business then personal like even you and me it was like business then personal kind of versus personal and business um because I don't I thought we were just friends I didn't know this was business business then personal I thought it was personal. I thought we were just vibing, dude. I didn't want to talk. You wrote buying he ended up buying the uh whatever it was like 30k thing that uh traffic funnels sold and so I got to go to that through him or like we went together and that was always fun. Dude, those guys were guys were a riot. So I met a bunch of these people you're talking about and stuff that room that were OG's. Yeah, it's cra it's so fun to see like Sam Ovens is definitely one of those I call him like a you call him like foundational text. There's a book that lasts and kind of like creates everything else from it. Like everything else like Dan Kennedy is foundational text that like Russell Brunson stuff comes from and then there's Gary Hbert Sam is like our modern day like foundational text in terms of who came from it and then you see how it's like traffic funnels came uh you know Dan Henry was there and then they kind of created their spawn links and then everyone kind of all of them. Yeah. I mean, dude, we were technically speaking. I mean, we I I met Luke in.com ovens, you know, up level. I met him in like he literally posted in the group and I went to his page and like had him prior and that was that. So, like who do you think is going to be the next who is upcoming our found like these foundational texts? Who's creating the next foundational wave the spawn links? Because people like there's always someone like people copy, look up to, follow, whatever. Yeah. Alan Sultanic then did it. Um, he did a good job of it. He has a whole community and group. Um, I don't know how much I don't know. I'm not as plugged into that world as I was for a while. This is so deep that like I feel like that's what I mean is like I I feel like there's because there was like that big push plus and fast forward and stuff and I know a lot of people went there and then actually kind of like went off and did their things outside. Yeah. He created dude. Okay. One thing another one that's what I mean like a creator of like these other guys. said like you know ever watch Batman the movie where like uh or what is it the one where Bane is in it and then Batman goes to the cave and he like trains up. You watch you ever seen that? Yeah. And he's like yeah you were Yeah. So Alan Darkness I was born. Yeah. Yeah. Dude Alan is so smart. He's like NHB is like that where you go to to train up and you go leave which I love cuz when like she has a frame like that's pretty much what it is like he creates killers and anyways. Yeah. He definitely I feel like probably is our next one. But I wonder I feel like Iman's definitely he has a lot of influence over people like a lot of people model his method. Um so I feel like he could be or probably will be the next one. Iman yeah I feel like he he might create that wave kind of the YouTube channels the events like it's creating the you know. Yeah. So right now in my view of it you've got Cole still has eight uh what is it? eight figure entrepreneur or eight figure boardroom. Uh so like of masterminds of info coaching, right? It was quantum. It was like the one to be in which was uh ovens back in the day. I was oven shut it down. Okay. Cole then had his and then Cole continues to have his. So his like I feel like a lot of I don't know the full details but I know that you get like the other offerings he has. So it's like there's a lot of sales side but it's also like the entire business. He does a lot of things around acquisition, a lot of things around marketing. I feel like it's like offer owners turn business, full owners and that's his world. I don't fully know, but like Cole's a [ __ ] animal. So like, you know, his I've heard has like good longevity and people in there, whatever. Then the next that I see directly is um Jeremy's Jeremy. True. Jeremy. Yeah, he very paid heavy. It's very Yeah. Um million-dollar months. It's very like revenue like these big number heavy. Uh and he's he's a great human. Like he's good. He gets the people in the room. He's got the sales tactic and the he's got the everything, right? Um, oh wow, that's kind of cool. Um, so yeah, he's got that um going for him, Jeremy's. And then Ian now just launched his and Iman has been known as like kind of like the beginner guy and like dominated it and he dominates in that way. So like I mean but a $1,500 product to the zero to 10ks and the stuff like that. But now this new arc of him and sharing all the stuff that's been behind the scenes and how to actually he built that business. They're on what' he say eight years or nine years now in a row of increased in profit. Like crazy. He's been in the trenches and they've been building and he says like player coach. So his though I just saw on their website on the consulting.com they changed it over to uh disgustingly profitable info business is like their target and it's all and it's all about people who are like basically that's funny. Yeah. who run the organic plus the revenue generating events plus the and that's the thing I paid for because it was like kind of personal brand focused in the beginning and that's what I paid for to start making YouTube videos which I didn't actually end up using the insane amounts of vaults and stuff that are in there do that I just made looms because I'm an idiot but like hey it got you started you had to pay to pay yeah the people in there is legit they do the live events but all to say it's very profit driven instead of revenue and like vanity metric driven and that comes from the worldwide talent that comes from all these different things like worldwide talent the revenue venue generating events. He teaches like the flywheel VSSL stuff. So, how to get like negative acquisition cost. He has these VSSLs that are on page that Yeah. So, he he has the revenue or what's it called? The negative acquisition thing that basically is like a flywheel VSSL that exists on YouTube. You get paid in YouTube AdSense and then people are booking through and buying your stuff that way. So, like he's got all these kind of things and he he's just a legend, right? He's got all his software stuff that he invests in. His whole thing is like make a ton of money in inflow uh info coaching is cash flow and then deploy it into businesses and real estate and life and all this stuff. Yeah. Yeah. So I guess yes his is another version of that one of like because because Yeah. Yeah. And then what this Hormosi or Pastor Prime Yeah. Hermosi like I feel like he's more like high like he's not the internet marketing world. He's so broad like you have my friend went to his event and there was like a construction dude there and then there was a freaking No, no, he's he's like big. He's it what he learned and did and stuff and everything in info coaching and software and supplements and all the stuff he did as like those first kind of core three things. He then is like all about like it's the actual business. It's the entire business. Like you listen to some of those videos and there's a guy who has like a $300 million roofing company that's like learning things and there's a guy who has like an info coaching business and now it's it by the sounds of it they're doing info coaching again uh as acquisition. They're doing you know books which is info. They're doing the in-person, you know, events which are infocoaching. They're doing upsell versions of that for their team and then all the way up to, you know, equity ownership and portfolio. So, like, and that's just what they share. And then I'm sure they have this new per like they do the guys, I mean, he does a lot of things. So, but yeah, he's a business brain like almost, you know, outside of info coaching. Yeah. the guys we talked about that really just live heavy within info coaching land specific and then do all the stuff with the cash flow which is like you as a person more so than you as the business model. Yeah. Yeah. No, they're definitely Yeah, I would agree with that. I agree with that. Someone said Charlie Morgan. I don't really know anything about much about him, but I've seen his videos. He does a lot of like screen share styles. He's for beginners. I don't know. Yeah, it's like agency like he's very like Yeah, I don't know. I freaking know there's a bunch of them. Bunch of those out there. vibes. Um, has seen any cool offers out there, cool markets outside of info. Okay. Oh, yeah. Here you go. Here you go. You mentioned if you weren't doing info and what you're doing now, what you would do like have you like wasn't in if I wasn't in info coaching industry. Yeah. So, not what market I would choose in info like what I would do outside. Yeah. Yeah. Info, I would do lead genen. Legen 100%. Guaranteed. Why? Why do you think your skill sets What about your personality, what you know and like would be good at that? absolute machine. It's like it's a machine. Like you it has so much scale. It has so much and you can sell them and it's behind the scenes and it's this and like it and it can turn into like a real business, not just a guy with a laptop cranking affiliate like lead genen. It can turn like I'm saying it can turn into full-blown business. And I also know guys who sit by a laptop and it's like a one or two man show and they do hundreds of thousands of dollars a day. Like my friends like I know I literally know people. I've like held their laptop while we're smoking a cigar and it's like is and the model's selling it's just legion like are you doing the model where it's like uh I know some people they run ads they get leads and they sell them to insurance agents there's a million ways to do it types there's forms there's paper call what's like the traditional the guy's doing like hundreds a day what are you doing a lot of the time it's like it's like if they didn't have an ad account tomorrow they wouldn't make any money tomorrow it's like it's on day spend 100 grand on the day they send however many thousands of they get paid right centers and then they have billables on day that fire back that's they made 120 today and then the more in depth they go there's layers where people get like parts of revshare there's people who own the data so then they own the data on it so they can monetize it through either that offer other offers they have I mean there's there's so many layers to this like I'm doing a disservice but then there's the different traffic sources there's there's every traffic source that we're used to plus 10 more like I know a guy that I met the other day that is getting invoice for you know open invoices for hundred hundreds of millions of dollars to fill for lead genen that they're like, "Oh, we want x amount of these that you sell, you know, $12 a call or or $22 a call or whatever." Like just craziness. Um I just got off with a guy right before this that does lead genen does it for like masstorr and legal. Um I know guys who do it for debt, ACA, Medicare, and a lot of guys do multiple verticals, so they'll do a bunch of them. And your stack is, you know, it's it's your media buying, your direct response arm, so your creative, your media buying, your stuff like that, the structure of that. And then on the back it's the bisdev and the relationships and who are your buyers and the tech of routing them for the live calls and like uh Adam Young owns uh Ringba billions and billions of dollars a year in volume and you know you set up a a ring tree in there that goes to 12 different buyers that have different bids that have different hours that have different available agents and it routes that phone number that there's one phone number on the page that someone clicks on from clicking on a Facebook ad that the media buyer generates and it hits that number and it goes through and it's like which one's going to give the highest cost per that has the agent live that does whatever pings there who has an agent available which one has higher buyouts which one in what state are they qualified this one only does this state this call center does that like that's like the infrastructure so Ringbud just dominated the performance marketing paper call space I'm always curious why wouldn't it or why hasn't anyone tried to do lead genen like that for info coaching or things like that like what what would stop somebody to like lead genen to your sales team just in whatever way they want to consumption. Um, true. Yeah. Buy something high tickets. Like a lot of these guys are doing like debt like oh do you have over $10,000 in credit card debt or do you want new auto insurance or do you want a lower rate on your auto insurance? Yeah, true. Like there are home service guys that are like do you want a new roof or like and a lot of time they're programs. It's like what's the offer? What's the offer? So it's like you can get a free roof replacement if you live in this zone because of this because of this government program where XYZ or this insurance like the mass tors are like you're filling it up for like a lawsuit against freaking Advil or something. Yeah. You get paid 12 per and it's with this big bet into the future that they're going to win this massive case and the payoff is going to be rise positive. I don't know even enough about the industry to be talking about this but like yeah it's there's that's what you get. Yeah. Yeah. There's but there's forms, there's calls, there's there's information like data, there's all that kind of stuff. And then people monetize them in different ways. Like if you store the data, you can monetize them. You can do SMS, you can do calls, outbound, you can do inbound. There's there's a bunch of legality [ __ ] around it, too. Quiz funnels. That's I think that's next meta. Yeah. Personalization. And maybe what made me think of it in a legen that's a big quiz funnels are big in legion I know in terms of like you know oh you're get save on insurance figure out what your rate would be and then you freaking felt those quizzes and all a sudden I have 50 guys calling me but why haven't you guys or like would you ever think about doing a quizunnel for your because like all the health ecom offers I was talking to freaking Mark uh ecom Mark's run ads shout out Mark builds brands whatever you want to call him I love Mark I I think he's great, dude. He's awesome. And he was just talking about the brands because I we're talking about quizzes and I was pitching my hypothesis and he agreed. But the quiz funnels like the personalization big I feel like especially if you're want AI now and then a lot of info is not as valuable. People want personalized and quizzes. The personalization you can do through it, the routing you can do through it. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I love it. I just Right now we're we're plenty heavy on the front. We're plenty heavy on the front. Look at this dude. Who's this demanding this guy? Come on, Ryan. Serve the people, bro. Nick, what do you want to know? Serve the people. Nick, you should jump on, bro. I'll send you the link. Get on here. Drop the link. Get on here. Let's just move our interview. I'm supposed to interview him later, but I'll I'm going to send you the link on X right now. You tell us something to you, Nick. Here. I just sent you I sent you the link. Let's see if he gets on. Same link. I'll send it to you. If if he's on a call, get off. Jump on. Uh what else we got? Some I keep your comments going. Ask questions, guys. We'll pull them up, too. I like this little feature. I can be like just hit them with that. Look at that. Yeah. So, I've heard about this. This is a good one. So, Becker is doing some crazy stuff for this right now. He's doing Hyros Air, which is sends custom emails, pages, and headlines all powered by by AI. So, I have a guy that works at Hyros that reached out all the time. That's super nice, Chase. Um, and he was talking about this. I we haven't used it. Um, we have not directly used it ourselves. So, I've heard a a lot of great things for ecom. I think I've seen Hyros's version like their ads for it. Um, so yeah, I we haven't used it, but I've heard great things and like the concept makes sense. It's like being able to understand their journey because they have all the data on that and then what they need to be served. So it's like I don't know if you or what but so if they've seen this content this content or they continuously consume things that are around note takingaking then you send them another ad around note takingaking that's you know the CTA to book a call or whatever it is right like I I don't know be crazy it's it's brilliant personalization they have the data of the journey and the clicks and the yeah all the stuff so personalization dude see like we're getting I mean it always has been that way but now tech is making it easier for us to do. Um, what is this person showing? I don't know how this has to do. I was an Aura Ring and Apple Watch person forever. I've never had a Whoop. And I had the OG Aura Ring with the lifetime access and then I lost my ring and I don't like the Apple Watch because it just annoys me and my phone rings too much and I don't like when it buzzes all the time. So, I don't use either right now. Dang. Whoop! For sure. Whoop all the way. That's what Lipset said. Question for Ryan. Bro, I wish he said I have to fly down there and I don't really want to fly to Florida right now. Who is that? Is it disrespectful for me to say who is that? Yes. Jason A on uh X. Oh, duh. I don't know. I still a Yeah, he's an absolute legend. So, is he lead genen world, too? Yes. So, he's lead genen. He's big paper call. He is uh affiliate ecom. He likes affiliate ecom a lot. Really? I think that's what they call it, right? Affiliate. Yeah. because you're selling instead of doing like affiliate of an info product like you do on a ClickBank or a digital product, you do affiliate for a physical product. So you sell an air conditioning unit for your car or you sell like any of those like as seen on TV stuff. Those crush so people there's different networks like uh I think it's called Giddy Up is one. Yeah, Giddy Up is one. Um and a couple others. So that's sick. Yeah. No person do a bunch of stuff like that. So he he has just been in it for a long time and a long time. He's super into cars. Like actually into cars. He was in the car business before. Has every car you could ever think of and imagine, but like the rare version that you don't know exists. Like he's that guy. Um I'm I'm gonna get cooked. Didn't know his last name. I'm done for. Twitter is coming for me, dude. He's a legend. He's an absolute legend. So And he's in a bunch of the Yeah. He's in all the chats. He's in all the stuff. He's Yeah. Can you bolt what on the back end of? Yeah. What? What do you mean, Riley? Are we talking ecom? Talking lead gen. I mean, I don't know. You can. Yes, you could. You I mean, anything anything that would make sense offer-wise? Yes, you could. So, like Yeah. Would you ever add a app to your guys' get a recurring app for enterprise value? Yes and no. I mean, I've heard that's a very very difficult game. It's very difficult to do in terms of um it's very difficult. That's actually a really Wait, I have that's a really good idea for something what um it's just very difficult to do that from paid because you're dealing with MR LTV kind of unknown the troughs and the payition. So, like that's why a lot of the guys who have those, like the big fitness guys, they all use organic brands, but they get up to hundreds of thousands a month from anywhere from 19 to $100 a month for their fitness app. Big MR engine, but it works for organic and it generally speaking doesn't work that well for paid. But what about more attention? You need ascension. You need more like LTV for the math to work. What about those guys doing all these apps like Cali and or is that that's organic clippers and Yeah, exactly. It's all organic. You have to get into that. Okay. When are you adding It's an LTV to CAC thing. It's like if it cost you $100 to get someone at $27 a month. It's how long do they last and what is your actual LTV in comparison? Like trial or what's your offer to get them in? Like it's Yeah, it's all Do do people know is it okay like people know what market you're in? So like when I ask this question, I don't want this market my question is going to give away what market's in. So I just don't want to it's going to ask like have you added physical okay you'll probably know. Have you added physical products the kind that is very common in your market to and why haven't you? Uh we did it through partnership uh and got railed on it and ours is just very it's very much so like for the longest time we were just in our heads we're like oh the math is just so small in comparison to info coach and the high ticket stuff but the MR is amazing and for us it's like brand and quality is so important so there's like a huge fulfillment arm of that that's like very very important. There's a whole cost side of that. There's like an inventory control side. There's like a capital there's just like a different business. It's completely different business. So even if you bolt it on, it's a different business. And like did it make sense for the volume and at the time? No. Um because in order to like have the quality so we were just like oh we'll just do a partnership instead. That'll make life better. um just to do it via partnership and that didn't work for us because the economics were broken on it and that was our fault that the good business that we worked with quality quality business but we almost like sense too much volume and the math was all broken so we got railed on it vibes vibes vibes let's see we got some comp Zach Ross what's the biggest bang for buck you can pull off in a low ticket to send in email flows email right in the funnel call get them on a call right in the funnel then it's email then text Then it's email or then it's product. What's in your product? Then five is the thing I'm working on right now, which I'll report back to you guys soon. Six, monthly webinars. Seven, retargeting ads. Eight, um, emails, just like relation content, your organic like just getting them connected. Uh, nine, having a cult like following and connection to you. 10 um launching more multiple products get them buy again so multiple front end and these 10 things those are just a few but I'm actually going to have you heard of offer lab has click funnels hit you up about that offer lab no yeah so offer lab's new software Russell Brunson's dropping uh which essentially is going to allow people to upload their products to a marketplace so like for example if I wanted your low ticket offer as one of my upsells you could upload your product to that site I can instantly plug it into a Click Funnels go high level of whatever funnel and then the payments it's like a I think they're a processing company pretty much because the payments would be split 50/50 between us or whatever you set it up but I would be able to be like put affiliate offers in my upsell path like one click. So it's like ClickBank but I can have multiple like in there. So if I want a catalog of offers my email flow I could do that. So my understanding is ClickBank mixed with payment processing company mixed with funnel marketplace though. Yeah. So, it's like I could put up my offer. That's a brilliant idea. Imagine, dude. Like, I'm going to put uh my done free low ticket offer thing. It's like what [ __ ] has kind of, right? [ __ ] has it just like natively in the marketplace and then with the affiliate links that are just like out of the box in two seconds balances like it's right there. And then uh but Clickfunnels, they'll take a you know, they're obviously going to take a percentage of whatever they connect people to. But imagine if low ticket offers.com was people like someone who's teaching, I don't know, something adjacent to me. Maybe they're teaching webinars, high ticket call funnel, but they want to help you with low ticket. They can just install that as like a bump in their funnel or like a upsell or back end. Oh. So then, so like I could make your high ticket offer my back end. Yeah, that's interesting. So anyways, Offer Lab launching September 4th through the 6. I'm going to be in Boise speaking at that. Click Funnels. Yeah, ClickFunnels. So I'll be speaking at that. We're I bought a domain called upsellsecs.com. And so Russell's had me come out. We're going to I'm going to speak on that training and that might that'll be an upsell in our funnel. So, it's going to be super meta. I see. But those 10 things, congratulations, Josh. Oh, yeah. I mean, thank praise God. But I'm just saying those 10 things are coming from that. So, I'm teasing my future product for that's coming soon. But those 10 things are really what help with ascension. And then there's a secret one that I think is going to like I was talking to Mark Brands about it. He agrees with me and I I I think this is the new meta for Lotate Ascension. So, I'll share that when I actually test it across the offers we were working on. They're all doing millions a month and we'll let you know. But, uh we'll see. We'll see. I don't know what this may something else Nick said he would jump on, but he's he's I think he's releasing a video. So, go watch Nick's video he's dropping. Uh he wants traffic pushed to that, not this. So, go watch Nick's video. Everyone, go check that out. Dude, he's hilarious. I I think I think he is top tier. Top top top, dude. I'm excited for him to start posting more. Top top top top tier. He is like best in class. Yeah, I know. He's That's I love dude when he's I didn't read that. Did you read that? Oh, sorry. Sorry. What? No, I didn't. Let me see what this was. That's a good one for you. What does it say in this offro US market? No. Uh I think it's 60% of our our students that do this are and our okay I think it's actually 70% of our students that have their first publishing deal are making money from publishing are outside of the United States. So Denmark really yeah bro European people are literally all our case cost for people to join offer publisher um $500 today at 1500 31 days later if you like it. Nice. Yeah. Okay. No risk refund on the 500. I'll prove you have a good product. I'm not going to compete on a good contract or claims, just product. And if you guys join, you'll actually get to just partner on the publishing deal we're doing with a $40 million a year company. I love people who sell [ __ ] And we need more people. So, if you want to work with Mark and I on the biggest publishing deal anyone's doing, everyone's like, everyone's like, "Oh, 100 million." Okay, we're publishing a company with 40 million. They're not online yet. If you want to help take them online for the first time and get recurring revenue from every deal, join the program coming soon. All right, ad breaks done. No, I did you watch that webinar I sent you yet, Brian? Dude, dude, the biggest affiliate on ClickBank. One of the biggest. Top five. All right, just be clear. Top five. Maybe top 10. He's promot He's joining to do this. He's jump. He wants to help push this offer because it's so freaking good. This is lead genen. It's lead genen pretty much mixed with publishing. It is the watch the webinar. You are going to be calling me, Ryan. You are going to be saying, you know what, 5 million a month is kind of small. You know, I need to I need to get into this, man. That's what you're going to say. I have so many things that interest me that I can't I know. I sent it to you. I said, "I know you're not going to watch this, but I start to watch certain things or do certain things right now." It would it I watched it and it steered my attention so much. So, I found a way to integrate what I'm doing so it stays focused, but it Yeah, like the opportunity it's crazy. So, um anyways, UK. Yeah, we were back to this question. Sorry, we we Yeah. So, you do a bunch of stuff that's bro, my second publishing deal was with a guy in the UK. So, I published a guy in the UK. So, I've done it US to other markets. Um, one of the biggest opportunities or not biggest, one a really good opportunity for publishing is if you speak a language. So, we have someone who speaks Latin or just like Spanish like he's Latin American and he took US offers and brought them to his native language and then he was the spokesperson for it. So like like I need like a Spanish Josh, someone who's like I need a Spanish version of me who can go in and like say he's your business partners with me and then take offer publishing to the Spanish market and license my stuff and we'll just do a split, right? Because then it's its own operator. I'm not trying to like you were talking about Nick. It's like that becomes messy. The way I've seen it work is you need to have someone be like a spokesperson. So similar how I'm a spokesperson for like Mark Lack and his product which is offer publisher. I need that version another language. So big opportunity. I see people doing that in other countries. So I had a student he's like, "Yo, uh, can I bring this to the German market?" Okay, like let's talk about this or they'll pay a license fee. We had this AI offer before and people are wanting to pay uh $50,000 upfront to license the offer to their country to be the spokesperson of it and it's almost like getting licensed to be an affiliate and then we still get a cut. So yeah, you can do this. You can be an operate. The only thing is like smaller t like tams of languages. That's why Spanish like pick big languages like Spanish speaking. Um what other big languages? I don't know. I don't know. Just ask chatbt like Asian countries maybe or in Asia. Um just ones have large languages. Some people are like in Holland or like Holland Denmark and it's like our TAM is done. Like you see that a lot even on people in eight figureure licenser consulting.com. They're like Iman should I change my language or because I've kind of capped out my market and that's a big decision to make. It's a whole new business. Very large decision to make. That is I talked to Nick about that. Yeah. And he was like, I dude, that's a whole another business, dude. You need a separate operator. You need herbal life. You need separate fulfillment a lot of the time, separate you need like almost separate you need separate everything. Yeah. Yeah. You need unless it's just to bring them in through the marketing, but they also speak English and then they can like flow in um just make it out as Q&amp;A live for the title. I don't understand what that means. Also, thanks a lot Ryan and Josh for the videos. Hurrah y just joined. Can't make out this title. Is this a Q&amp;A? Yeah, you can ask questions. I didn't know how to type in type it in. Uh Stephen, you know, Stephen, all of our VSLs. So, like hybrid quiz funnels on the front. Two different VSSLs or Yeah, clarify that. Stephen, tell teach us something new. Everyone share something. share something cool new every day on these calls or on something. I saw something on X yesterday that I was like, "Oh, like what was it?" No, I can't tell you. I'm going to plug my laptop. I think the coolest thing I saw was someone running at a 2x 2.5 return on a $250 product sold on an automated webinar. That's heinous. That's insane. Insane. And okay, female bisop is the also the new meta like Selby Sap type people. Bro, do you know who crushes with that? Um, it's not even really Bizop, but trading is Tori trades. Oh, yeah, bro. She's an absolute legend. She's like a real Her organic is crazy, too. Like, real and like raw and like legit. Like she I think she's partnered up with Amed. She's in Iman's. Oh, really? She partnered with Amed? I think so because I think they were at that London event together, but they're definitely hanging out like either way, whether they're just boss or But she's in Eman's thing, too. And I see some of her stuff and she just she's just crushes and she's again we we got to talk a little bit and she's sharp. She's a good good dude. She I remember I came across her on Facebook. Her reach on Facebook, she's got like organic because like once you get certain algorithms on Facebook, you can get like a ton of organic. But it was like dang like she's got Facebook, Instagram, YouTube. Yeah. Does she run ads? Do you know? I don't know. Probably not. What was Okay, you were talking uh trading. I didn't watch interview with a med. Also, I know you want to jump on. If you're watching as a med, we you should get on the channel too guy. I want to ask you about trading, but you said how it flips where it's like done for you. Obviously follow my trades. Yeah, I talked about that. Nick Fer and I talked about that. He's like, "Yeah, the ones we like, you know, didn't succeed at." And the I've never run one. I've never done any of this stuff. On the back end though, it's like Yeah, it's the same. So, think about it. It's like in create without following us so you can find hidden things pretty much that like why I mean think about it in the way that like most offers are uh do it yourself is like the thing the small thing you sell and then on the high end it's done for you right like the same result just different implementation tiers on trading it's flipped on trading the first thing that you buy is done for you just want the tips the the alerts the what do they call them signals they signals and then on the back people want to learn and pay 20 or 50 or whatever, still for the proximity. So that's still real where like the proximity is. So like if you want the guru, you still it's the top tier. Same way that all of them work, but you're learning how to do it for yourself on the back. So you're self-sustaining and you have your own trading, you have your own skill set to do it, not that you just have to hawk or like copy trade some because the edge is when you're ahead of these people, not on the tail of a signal. Yeah. So the whole So the whole offer stack is flipped on its head. That's the MR engines are huge. So like Amed, he's a really good video on that. He and then he pumps out YouTube now too. He has really good like long form uh like I think they're mirror boards that he walks through. He's a smart dude. He pushes big MR engines and they use organic. Yeah, trading is big organic. Like I don't Yeah, he works with He said in the thing he's like I only work with black swans. I only work with black swans. Um so yeah, I know one trading offer doing low ticket on paid exclusively. They have they start doing like Rumble as well for ads and other things, but they're doing million months with just front end, order bump, book a call, good sales team. Yeah. And similar thing like follow your trades. I have a I think I have a another thing with low ticket that's going to happen for sure. Speaking of personalization, like I feel like that's be a big thing. I I was talking to uh James about this um because he was asking about hey how could I do low ticket with his B2B offer he's doing and people are always like well how do I do low ticket to attract rich people on the back end or higher level people and I was saying I'll do a video on this but if you guys are watching this you get it early but having a $97 frontend offer that has an element of done for you personalization but you can deliver at scale um that's a really good way to get rich people and good people in the door. That's why I do with my offers. I want to get publishing people like potential partners and big companies or send them to our students, which is another reason to join an offer publisher um is because it attracts those kind of people. So, if you're like, how do I do an offer that's going to attract high quality people? Sell an offer that you can deliver 10 to 20 units done for you a day with VAS, with help, with personalization, 10 to 20 done for you. Dude, right now I can do an offer 10 minutes for one offer. I time myself so I can do, you know, I want to spend like an hour a day on it. So I do like 10ish units, sit down, record, film it, and like crank it out. Obviously, you could do it where it's like you could be like scammy and just put it into AI and don't even think about and just send someone a bad offer. You can do that and I have a really good, you know, train on all my offers that can do it, but I sit there and I like actually consult. Yeah. Add the extra. I mean, I'm a fan of doing it for efficiency, but like you need to add the flare. Yeah, you need because it's like what to sell like it's like so that's a balance. You have to find what's a balance. You can give me an audit. Like I was telling a a media buyer like I want to do ads for people and I was like well then okay then you just need to do something that's like done for you. Audit their accounts are going to their business. So um anyways curious supposed to get initial traction. No, I mean I guess kind of but not on purpose. It's just what the price of the product was. Like we didn't know. Um we just didn't know. And the cost per call it worked. The math technically worked because the cost per call is so low back in those days. Um both with like us fresh running it. So like it's always going to be a lot of time, not always, but it's it's going to be cheaper in the beginning when you test it. Um and you already have a market and all that kind of stuff. So we already spending pretty heavy just at like a low ticket thing. So when we moved over to just pushing to a call funnel, um cost per call was just very low. Um, and of course then there's also people that were already in our system that then saw it as an offer. So like we had a lot of things in our favor when we tested it that low and we like a month in bumped it to a thousand and then a thousand ran for a long time and actually worked really well because couple hundred to acquire hundred bucks or whatever to a sales rep and like you're still making your and we had no overhead. Basically we had like extremely bare bones and like no team. So that's like, you know, 60% margin. If it's, you know, a three, four, if it's a 4x rorowaz and it cost you $250 to acquire a customer for $1,000 and then it's a $100 because it's a 10% sales commission, you're 35% into it and you're 65% margin and then what's your little overhead of something? Call it 10% maybe you're at 50 plus percent margin at those lower numbers because the spend is like so in pocket. But as you scale up, like you need the costs, then your overhead goes up and then all of a sudden now you have a 200k a month or 500k a month or whatever overhead and it's like that eats it and then you have to do volume. So then your your economics just changed. So um we did really well when we sold info. It's just the market kind of got fatigued I think a little. Um that's not that's not true. the market changed a bit to where it wasn't as much like people wanted the coaching and it was kind of like the shifting in our space of that and we wanted to do more numbers and size less volume more high ticket and so when we moved that we didn't have I mean we kind of just made a lot of decisions like off the rip like it wasn't like this big educated thing like we tried to be educated about it but we honestly like even right now it's like we make a decision based on something it's like it's just with the education we have in current state that's super cool I don't know what he just said I kind of checked out but that was super cool Bro's quick with it. You got those numbers in your head, man. Target, hyperware, somewhere on budget. That's You want to answer that for ad? Let's see. Is it media buying target? Oh, hyperware somewhere. Um, bro, I have a media buyer. I'm Ascension. My focus is get the freaking person. I'll get an offer to get them to buy. Great. You run the ads and I lock it on ascension. So like I'm focused all on the backend focus and like the branding and positioning how to make him like remember us and that I have a media buyer. He goes out there and he I look at his numbers and I say okay that's in our allowable cost per click and CTR quality is good. I go back and forth and I have a sales team of sales. I'm like the middleman. That's my specialy. That's all I sit in. So I would talk to someone like Blake Wyatt. Wish he was here. Shout out Blake. I love Blake. I saw you on Nick's channel too. I was like, "Bro, Blake's getting out there." Blake is a [ __ ] legend. Getting out there. Let's see if we have another Here's a fun fact. Oh, here we go. Sorry. Oh, yeah. You do the fun fact. I got to answer this call for my wife, too. Well, was a fun fact for you, but I'll answer this. Hormones dropped something yesterday called selfooking ice cream. He tries to get every customer to open it up again. Put the comment up. I don't know what it said. I think it said something about everyone needs to liquidate in some capacity so you can bit. Yeah. to cut to every customer to liquidate the spend of another customer. Yeah, that's brilliant. He's so he's got so many of these like oneliner or like codes that just crush tries to get every customer to liquidate the spend of another customer. So yeah, I mean that's brilliant. That's like the whole like you bring in three, you get it free type thing and it's like you bring in three, get it free. I mean the economics of it, but like that's very very common. He's super good with all those. what price point would you choose for low ticket where only rich guys ascend? Uh that we talked about that. So it's not as much about what the price point is. Uh Jason Fladlin talked about this a lot in a good way and he said that in the past when people were high ticket uh it meant that they wouldn't sell anything low ticket because it would mean that they're cheap and they don't want to be seen as a cheap person in a cheap way. Uh and nowadays the market has shifted where that's not the case. You can sell something low ticket and sell something high ticket. And low ticket is more so viewed as like sampling. So like we'll do something that's a sub $100 to a 6K plus ascension in a couple days. Uh where they're sampling your thing and Josh talked about that in the beginning more so than what's the it's not necessarily the math. Like the math the economics are important for like your cost per acquisition, your cost per all of that kind of stuff, but when it comes to like the framing of somebody that comes in at $7 not willing to buy something that's 10k is just like not true. Alen Sultanic is a great example of this. His market is these offer uh you know people who want to get into um basically what would you say that market is like it's it's the zero to 10ks but it's also the guys who already had businesses and wanted to learn low ticket and 100 no automatic clients and that seven bucks or 37 bucks or what whatever it was come in yeah 27 and then you come in and then it has all these other things and many I mean his whole business was built around a lot of these things community but plus that and then from there you ascended And there was mid tickets and there was high tickets and then he's got his backend recurring where he has NHB plus and he's got Fast Forward and that whole thing. And like I bought his thing for $27 and now you know now I'm here right from I think now more as somebody like when it comes to consumption being so low and we see like our low ticket products people actually finishing the whole thing or even doing it unless it's a live experience or if it's quick to do not as many people are actually like even using. So now where and ever it is about sampling and really good first impression. Like honestly I would put together like amazing front-end product and like a really pretty members there and all good stuff and bonuses like just so that they log in they're just amazed because I know not everyone's even going to go through it but it's like that first impression is huge. And so I think future is going to be getting consumption other places more personalization. And I also think your members area for a low ticket product is like your website and just your what you're getting to see because the relog is not super high. Consumption is not super high if it's a live thing. But yeah, it's it's going to be really interesting just in some markets where people are used to buying a lot of products. Obviously, there's these odd markets like I saw one where it was like fune like how to organize your your home pretty much is what I saw and that's like super unique and it's probably not that many people selling stuff in there so I bet consumption's pretty high but we ready for my fun fact. Oh yeah, sorry. Let's hear it. I just got my first W payment. How's it feel? We just decided to do a portion of our stuff and then we're looking at broader. But shout out [ __ ] Shout out [ __ ] [ __ ] is I'm going to I'm actually going to New York uh to see him September. Yeah, we'll see what it's about. Yeah, they're good dudes. About to stand for that logo. Get some clout. No. Yeah, they're good. Uh one thing I was like wish they had which I don't know why they didn't have the teacher Hunter. He's probably not watching this far, but I texted them but I had to do some janky setup to do the 500 one time then 1500 later. I'm like that should not be super hard to do but maybe payments like it's almost like a membership but other than that I I love their new UI. Everything else is I don't know why they don't show me my net on my dashboard. I'm like what the freak? Like how is there not just a net feature? So that's one thing I complain about. Their new AI system I helped them build out or just like tested first beta user. Great. Um there's not much I don't like about it right now to be honest. I I you can't don't you can't use it if you're doing low ticket funnels. Of course, this is for like midt high ticket or payment links u backend stuff. You're not going to run a low ticket funnel through WP. So, obviously, I'm not going to do that. It's not a funnel builder. So, hopefully people You don't have a net on here. When I looked at mine, there's a revenue after watt fees and there's a payment processing fees. Is that what they just added after watt fees? I don't know. But I wanted to see like after refund because there's gross. Do you have an after refunds as well? Oh, cancel. Like they don't I don't see that revenue after watt fees. Yeah. The beauty of these guys is you say that in like today that Yeah, they it was they were really good. We were while I was at camp, they were trying to like get on a call with me and be like, "Hey, let's fix this dashboard." So, they're definitely moving quick. Like whenever I say anything, I'm never like, "Oh, they're not going to fix it or complain." And it's like, nah, this is going to get done. Okay. It was funny though. They're like, uh, hey, like I made a chat. It was like me and we were talking to the like the co-founders like why or what does one need you to do to move fully on [ __ ] apps like not use Discord? And I was like, man, you'd have to pay me so much money. I'm not gonna lie because I just school. I'm never putting my community on school. I'm never putting my community on freaking [ __ ] Like, I'm never putting it on anything Circle. If I want engagement, if want consumption, I'm putting it where people already hang out. Like, if I care about that metric, I'm sorry. Like, it's not Oh, wow. W for everything, but I'm not gonna I'm use a members area. Yeah. My course. Yeah. I don't know. I mean, I've we are obviously not going to do that. Ours. Yeah. You don't need to like you already have stuff. Ours is payments right now and that's like the big focus. But yeah, they're building something great. Dude, it's awesome. And I said people aren't used to be on [ __ ] like yet, but in the internet marketing space, people are more used to it. So sure, maybe I put something there, but eventually it's going to be a a foundational text or whatever that people are used to using, but it's just that's the only thing. But uh it doesn't matter. It's a great great thing. Someone asked like should I do school or [ __ ] I feel like today I mean it depends on pay like processing fees though because school just doesn't take extra but I would just do wies all the apps that come with it in features I still think the future features will make you enough money where it will won't really compare yeah I haven't looked at schools I know fan bases does a thing too like there's a lot of these guys that are kind of trying to do it I don't know I mean I just just the people at [ __ ] and the speed in which they roll out and how they do stuff. What is this? This is the unique one I saw that someone sent in a Discord I was in. It's like a it's like ebook and this is what it looks like in the inside like how to like design your home. I thought such a interesting road pops, dude. There's so many OGs that are on there. Organic eyes that crush with that. Look at this video, bro. Wow. And so it's like talks for the problem. Like this is how they get feel problem. And it's like funny. There's funny sounds, too. This is crazy. I have it muted. And so then you go to the link and look how many followers they have. And look at their views, bro. One. Look at these millions of views. Six million views. Yes, they're probably printing. Yeah, I'm sure they are. I was I had Luke on yesterday and uh he was talking a ton about this like fan pages and how I mean they're a thing. If you go to Pangu Pengu, you talked about it. Have you got No, go to that website right now. Go to pengu. Wait, pen gu.pudypy penguins.com like subdomain and then share that. They're at what what is that number in the middle of the screen? 10 and something billion. Let me see. Share my screen. Come on. All right. Entire screen. this scroll. No, pangu.pudgypenguins.com. Oh, the URL. That was the first thing that popped up for that. Okay. Just do or is it pangu dot? Yeah, pangu.pudyping.com. Like instead of www. like the subdomain. Yeah. How do you even set up a subdomain? I've never figured it out. Are you kidding me? No, I don't do that. Okay. Well, what the Oh, here we go. Here. Here we go. Here we go. I know how to do this. I'm in internet marketing. I swear I know how to use the internet. Um, look at that. Collective views. That's a tracker of their No way. This is active of their view counts. So, they have all the gifts, all the meme page, the like look at that. So, talk about distribution and like their Instagram and their like it's insanity. Oh, yeah. No way. They sold, dude. He was talking about he said on the on the call yesterday they were going to do 50 million in revenue this year. Okay. Why did I think this was just an NFT project? I never I don't watch your interviews. I didn't know who. Yeah, he's a legend. Wow. That's sick. Absolute legend. That is super unique. Super super unique offers out there. Super unique. What else you got? Anything, Jazzy? Let me see. Let me see. Somebody has said, uh, let me see some questions. How do you do that? They just There's a You Google it. It's on their help desk. Um, is there any levers to pull and improve optin, sales, and low ticket to get funnels? Better ads. Um, better ads for sure. It's funny because you can optimize a page but the usually it's the step before that affects what happened on that page. So my first thing is how do I write better ads that get a better click more intent to my page and then I just like focus on that and hey guys let's make better ads and then on the page there can be some things you split test to change the headlines trust graphics the mobile optimization which is probably the biggest thing um your offer maybe often was your messaging you're not selling outcomes enough but I've just always been taught especially from the ecom dudes it's just better ads then when I took that principle over to info it forces you to like get a better click with more intent. Uh and so I think that's one of the biggest things you can do. Uh a big lift there. Working on piano lessons offer main product 19 month recurring offer. Don't know how to get any sort of high ticket offer on this. Was thinking product catalog. Yeah. So I did an offer my first low ticket funnel I ever built uh for somebody was called piano for producers. It's now like music for creators I think.com $27 frontend product and an upsells. No high ticket catalog focus. not did over a million uh in the first year or two. Yeah, the first year. And so you are it is a catalog business, but you could do private lessons or group lessons on Zoom with you. So make it like think about the average price of a music lessons. Maybe make it a little more and either do private or group. So your tier would be like catalog, then it's group lessons where they're on Zoom with you or something playing along. And then the back end's like just you. And so it creates like this appeal where it's like they want to be with you and get connected with you. And so hopefully you have a good personality. So it makes you funny, different, unique because that's big with music is people want to learn from a teacher that like embodies this personality that they like or is new or you know stands out. And so uh there's a big uh base like basis focused one like that. They're and the front end offers need to be about like short practice times to get learn fast. Like you practice the wrong way. You don't need to spend hours practicing. you just need to do this, you know, for 15 minutes a day type thing on the front end and then more templates and lesson guides later on is usually the flow. I love it. Ryan, you got any feedback on that? I love it. That Ryan confirmed last. Hey, we shared uh some dude we did our funnel feedback and I shared it with you. He took one of the angles we just like in our funnel feedback and he already ripped it and I collected over $20,000 so far from it. So love that for us and him. Just cranking it. So all righty. You out of breath yet? I'm never out of breath, but we can rap. Yeah, let's do it. We'll get to work. I gotta go. Gonna crank out some done for you offers for people. So probably should get to that. Yeehaw. Yeha. All right. About my first W purchase. How much was it for? Full pay 9,800. No, less than that, but Oh. Oh, about to cook. About to cook. We're generating like custom unique deal ID like that are specific to the deal ID. So, they track sales rep ids and they track deal back to you. Connect all that up. Is it seamless? Is it pretty like their API and connection? Do you feel like it's been pretty good? Yeah. Yeah. Um, our senior tech is the wizard and he set it up. So, it basically passes back, it tracks into all of our loggers, it has the payment intent and then he attracts people to go to income. Um, we don't do that. We don't do any like qualification like that. There are people in the space that do that. They're like, oh, if you make over XYZ amount and like performance style people, uh, we don't do that. It's general market, but our the demo itself just inherently is uh, kind of like, you know, higher disposable income bracket. So messaging is not around anything around financials whatsoever. That there was one dude in this one fitness market where he's like dude they do this much. I'm like let's say they do size so you know good for them but it's not our our model vibes. All righty. Amazing. Talk soon. Let's go crush it. Peace.


╔══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╗
║  FONTE: He Pulled Off an Ethical $57-Million Heist [QXMOgMol4Wg].en.txt
║  VÍDEO: He Pulled Off An Ethical $57 Million Heist [Qxmogmol4Wg].En
║  ADICIONADO EM: 04/08/2026
╚══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╝

let's go awesome guys what's up what's up let me know if you can hear me in the comments below as we're going live here on Facebook welcome back to another episode of the offer owner Spotlight Series today we have an incredibly special guest somebody that I've been studying hardcore for the last three weeks now and I made a post about him uh recently here where I was like saying how I can't believe how this is the first time I'm hearing about him after being in the game for uh over eight years now I felt like I knew everybody I thought I know who was the Godfather of marketing and who learned from who and and this and that but then I read this man's book and I started watching his interviews and I started to really realize where people were getting their information where people are pulling from and we were talking before we even live here and how he does not get enough uh credit but today my goal is to give this man some credit and really dive deep into his systems and processes and how he's really uh been crushing it with offers so Jason vatlin excited to have you here thanks for jumping on dude excited to to get into this I appreciate it man I'm just here to to see what we can do for the world see what Dent we can make let's go let's Go's see how long I can keep you we can do three hours we'll see we'll see um okay first question bonuses I used to think bonuses like who cares about bonuses me personally as a marketer who bought a lot of offers and I'm used to the offer stack I know when the pitch is coming I'm a hyper aware buyer I don't really didn't really look at the bonuses I didn't really care personally but you stress the importance uh of of bonuses that seems like that's something you really focus on you made a post recently when you said when I make a bonus stack and launch it it is my mission to then take the weakest bonus and find a way to replace it with something stronger you said you get the offer out there because done is uh done is better than just thinking about it then if the offer is a winner you said you go to war with the bonuses and you take what you feel a weakest bonus and switch it out why are you so focused on bonuses why do you go so hard on that and walk us through how you identify what a weak bonus is and how you find a better one yeah it's a great question so when buyers make decisions oftentimes they need to compare it to known entities of value if you will so if I have a book and you have a book your book is $90 my book is 10 they're like this doesn't make sense because books are supposed to be 10 bucks or 20 bucks or whatever the case may be uh you know and if you sell a SAS at this price it's typically like 20 bucks a month or if it's a different more Enterprise level it's 99 bucks a month so users are saying okay I don't care how you sell me or what you pitch to me I know that the price for this is about X because I'm comparing it to other things that are of similar prices the bonuses allow you to then make your offer incomparable to every other offer which is powerful because now you're selling based upon the value you can articulate not based on what they can compare it to um so that's like level one right there that's that's what makes bonuses so powerful there's also a psychological principle of getting something for free that you should pay for consumers Place Extra Value I think it's because they feel like they're getting something they shouldn't be able to normally get and there's some sort of excitement and dopamine reaction action to that they're like man I can't believe it I'm practically stealing this thing from you son uh and that increases that that heightened emotional state increases Desir ship of owner like a Desiring the ownership of the thing so I think some of that goes in there too the other cool thing about a bonus is you can make specific bonuses handle specific objections so if a you if user a is really worried about this specific thing and you have a bonus that just smashes it now you can get them to buy and if user B has a different objection and then a bonus smashes that um that is more likely to sell than if you have SE all seven things in one package because you know try to exclamate every single word on a page try to bold every single word on the page you can't because then it's unreadable you have to pick and choose what you spotlight so in a core offer you spotlight like one or two or three things but then each bonus becomes another Spotlight and another one and another one and another one uh and then here's the really cool thing if the bonus has a higher value than the thing they're paying for so and this is the thing that I taught Russell Brunson that really made clickfunnels work uh because I I wrote a a book a long time ago and in it I said I said to make the software the bonus because I noticed when we sold software it was tough to sell people would have all kinds of questions about it what level should I pick uh how do I cancel if it doesn't work for me does it have this technical thing or that technical thing uh so instead of we just made the the software the bonus and we sold a product and gave them the software for free they were just like oh my God ah thank you and now it wasn't a matter of the particulars of the software they just wanted it so when Russell was trying to sell clickfunnels he really couldn't then he created a he changed his webinar to put a product and then make clickfunnels the bonus now it was like oh I'll just give you the top level that's a $300 a month retail value retail I'll give you six months of that if you buy this $1,000 thing I'll give you $1,800 of retail value and now you're like you're like I better buy before he comes to his senses I have never seen an offer like this before it's so damn good I can't compare it to anything and then they rush and they purchase it so if you can make the bonus more valuable than the thing they pay for the emotional responses to buy because just feels like the greatest you've ever seen in your life that's something interesting I saw in your webinar framework I know you have the book one to many which I consumed and read and you have a great YouTube video on your 14-step webinar framework and something I found interesting is the fact that when you like go into introducing what the offer is like you give them a false Choice like you going do it yourself uh or I could do it with you introducing blah blah blah the offer um you kind of quickly just go through like hey we have six sessions session one we talk about this this is this and then like it's really quick it's like the core which you think that would be why they're buying like the content of the training but in your webinars you'd kind of go through it really fast whatever and then you transition into the whole thing of like oh you know I believe like you with just these these these trainings you could go out there and get the result but you know knowing one thing is you know knowing is one thing doing it is another whatever obstacles then you win into the bonuses and you would go heavy into the bonuses and that was like that's really what you're buying which is interesting because it's like the bonuses to me was always the side thing I it's like on the side but it really seems like your webinar is selling the bonuses and where did you learn that was because I know you were an affiliate for a lot of offers it seems like you would run a lot of affiliate offers so that was that what really helped your webinars crush back then or what made that click for you so like the I had this huge ha haha moment in 2009 it was one of the first seminars I ever went to it was in Philadelphia and back then they still do it today but not as much but back then there was these things called pitchfest so speaker a would get up speak for 60 Minutes sell for 15 and lo and behold it was a $2,000 offer you mean that still happens today dude what do you mean back then I I mean it was every week back then it wase speaker B would get up speak for 60 Minutes Lo sell for 15 and lo and behold he'd have a $2,000 offer um and I was just first of all I thought it was the stupidest thing ever but uh you know I was young and dumb what did I know second thing though I noticed is when they would go into the offer it would be like you get this and let me tell you every detail about it and you get that and let me tell you every detail about it and you get this and let me tell you every detail about it and then uh they would show you all these testimonials and then they would drop the price after showing you everything and I would look around and people would be in comas they were bored out of their mind I'm like I don't care how great your testimonials are I don't care how amazing your deliverables are you can't bore people into buying so I'm like this is a problem I'm like how do I first of all how does somebody know if they want to buy or not they have to know the price so if you tell them everything first and then end on the price that's the first time they can decide if they want to pay you or not and most people aren't going to say yes uh they're going to say no um here's a little fact Jos that blows people's mind when I tell it to them so we did the biggest launch in like internet marketing history we did a $57 million launch and what's even more impressive is it was done from idea to $ 57.9 million in 226 days like boom lightning fast like that right are you are you down to the name I know what offer but I'm not sure if you share yeah the plan we did the plan right Y and here's the conversion rate on leads 6.84% which is impressive right so anybody who opted into that funnel we closed 6.84% but here's how I look at it we didn't close 93.6% like we had a line of potential buyers and nine out of 10 of them said nope nope nope nope no matter what we did and we did everything we could right so most people are going to say no even to the greatest offers you could ever make it's just the thing so first of all let's let them say no right away instead of letting them say no at the end because if we say no right away maybe we can change a no into a yes so that's where I got that idea I'm like I am bored by the time they get to the offer there's a problem with this so I started thinking how do I get the price up sooner so yeah that's where the bonuses came from because I'm like let me just say the bare minimum possible to then go into price and by the way you will pick up buyers when you first dropped that link not because of your selling capabilities but because some people are already sold before you even got there they're just looking for somebody to hand the money to so it's like true let's give them that outlet so we could get the first wave of buyers the low hanging fruit right now yeah if you only exist on low hanging fruit eventually you'll starve to death because there's not enough of it but let's pick that because it's there so I'm like how do we get to price right away drop our first call to action well the way we do it is by taking the real value and putting it after price not before so then it's like okay where's the real value at so then you start playing with things do I drop one module of the offer and then tell the other two three four modules and you know I tried that it was okay and then I'm like you know if we have three components of the offer say like a training program a community and you know group coaching do we drop one and then do the call to action and the other two I'm like that works better but then I'm like I'm thinking Sports Illustrated football clock right I'm like one day I was sitting there they didn't sell the magazine subscription better because they said we'll give you 10 more articles right they didn't sell it better because they said you know we'll give you two magazines a month instead of one y they sold the hell out of that thing and broke all the records because they said when you buy a Sports Illustrated subscription will give you this football clock which has nothing to do now now this isn't a novel uh thing because like I I started researching this and I discovered like Wells Fargo back in the day this is really funny um if you were to open up a bank account with Wells Fargo they would give you a shotgun uh so the funny thing is my first L of thought was what does a shotgun have to do with a bank nothing with a bank and then my second thought was wait a second actually you could rob a bank with the shotgun like but it didn't matter because the bonus so good like I'm gonna get something that is unrelated to finance when I open up a financial account and then that goes into like you can't compare that offer to any other offer football clock you can't compare that to any other offer has nothing to do with the main thing whatsoever it's just really awesome desirable cool and you want it so that's how I stumbled upon on that so I'm like you know hey when you sign up today here's what you get now here's the mistake people make with webinars Josh the last 45 to 60 minutes I've already sold them on the concept yeah so it's redundant for me to then go over the concept again I the offer the core part of the offer is the exclamation mark on the end of my webinar content so it's like so now that you know X Y and Z today um you can do it on your own which is fantastic if it's your only option or we could do it together if we were to do it together I could give you every resource every support every shortcut every secret that I know and I could have a vested interest in your success meaning that I would do whatever it took to make you successful if that was an option for you would you like to know about it and they say yes and you say introducing product XYZ here's what it's about you know you get these eight training videos you get this community that you can log into and you get these cheat sheets and these Sops and you get us in your corner for the next 8 weeks on group calls and then you go right into the price so it's like wait a second this dude just pitched me a thing yeah two minutes maybe four right maybe three and I'm already getting into the price like yeah by the way interesting thing that nobody thinks about until I say it and then it's an aha moment we spend more on the price than we do on the core deliverables I want to spend more time managing and positioning price but if I spend all my time on the core and then I get to the price I don't have enough left on the price and I'd rather manage price than try to just go on and on and on about everything that they get dang it's almost like it reminds you of the the concept of not selling features and benefits and more so like the outcomes because you know they don't they get caught up in oh you get all these calls or I see this going on high to get offers lately it's always like you get 50 calls a week and then if you get unlimited support and it's like well what what what do I get because of that you know and so that's something I realized like I don't want more calls I want the outcome and so I like that now now I'm curious how do you find or identify a weak bonus what's the me is it a gut feeling like you're they don't get as excited in the chat on the webinar people aren't emailing about it like is that how you kind of tell or there's a lot of potential indicators uh okay and the thing is I don't care how good you are and I don't care how much you know you Michael Jordan doesn't make every shot he takes right um so when I'm launching a net new webinar with a net new offer to a net new audience I don't know if that thing's going to work like it's stupid that these gurus out there pretend that everything that they do works like I don't know and by the way if I knew it would work I'm not taking a big enough chance so it's like I want to not know if it will work or not so this is why we ship an offer as fast as we can with as much value built onto it as possible um cuz if we hit the right groove or if we hit the right sentiment of the market we got a winner if we don't then trying to you know put lipstick on an ugly woman still makes her an ugly woman right like we want to take a hot woman and then put her on the red carpet that's what we're doing here you know vulgar but you get the idea right yeah so so I'm I'm just trying to get the core part of the offer locked in some cool bonuses that we can put together right away that are real powerful that kind of stuff cuz if if it if it can't hit there then it will be very hard to make it hit if it hits well there then then we're in the money so this is something that I this the first time I met Alex her Moi I don't know what compelled me to do this this is way back before anybody knew who he was um other than maybe gym owners I walked up to him because he just started to click he'd been working his ass off he was struggling you know he lost it all and then he was starting to hit a Groove and I could just sense this guy was going to go places so I go up to him and I said Alex I go when it's easy that's when you go hard because this was a concept that I learned Josh very early on in my business like when we set the affiliate record uh so we set the affiliate record in 2015 we sold 9.8 million doll of a product uh that wasn't ours and second place sold 17 million or something like that so they sold almost 7 million or8 million do less than us right yeah so nothing succeeds like success so when the sales are the easiest to get that's when you should work the hardest most people work hard when it's hard and then they let off the gas when it's easy and so I told that to Alex and you know in part I think it helped him get to where he was and and grow his business because he went extra hard when it was easy and he he sent me a text I have it it's you know I show it on all the slides everywhere I go I make sure show like check this out check this out right and he says literally you changed my life that's what he's referring to when he says I changed his life and so when we have an offer that's working then it's time to go to war with the bonuses so I look at the bonuses and here are some of the things that I look at yeah you're and you're spot on one of the things that I look at is is it a mic dropper like if I drop it do people go nuts if they don't maybe there's something not there right um if I have to take too long to expl explain it that's a problem right uh again again hot chick analogy you just point at her you know she's hot right you don't have to say she has a good personality right she's just hot it's like how do I get the hot chick bonus right um and so that's part of it the other part of it is is and this is when we structure offers Josh this is what we do with my clients uh and in my own business we sit down and we're like if cost wasn't an option if time wasn't an issue if we can make it any way we want what would be the ultimate package that we could provide to have the single greatest resource ever when it comes to X and we start riding off crazyy [ __ ] like stuff that is yeah like like we could have a butler show up at their house and you know he could he could dust off the computer for them and feed them meals while they're you know not quite that out but we're like pushing that envelope right Y and then we're like we can do two of those things out of these 27 things that we want to do but we still have that hit list that one day Sunday list so once the offer starts cooking we can say things like okay now could we throw resources time and money to develop this thing that before it was hard to justify either because it would take too long to ship the product or it would be too expensive on something that isn't proven yet uh and so some of these bonuses we just put in place as placeholders knowing that there's a better version but it's going to take some time and money and energy to create them and so we start working on I don't like bonuses that don't have overwhelming proof uh I will use them if I know they're inherently good but I want a bonus that has so much proof dripping off of it like testimonials or what do you mean by proof yeah so testimonials are a form of proof uh but I like other types of proof as well even better this is why I like software software so much the proof is let me show you something cool Click Click Boom have I blown your mind yet uh yeah that's what they want right which by the way is makes a better bonus than in the core offer so you know if you watch an old Billy May's infomercial when they were to write an infomercial to sell a product they always look for a dramatic demonstration can I cut a hole in the parachute put tape on it and then jump out the airplane right that's what I want for bonuses can I create bonuses that have dramatic demonstrations um you know so if I have testimonials that's great also thought leadership kind of stuff so if somebody says I'm super good at something thing and then I make a bonus related to it and this is a famous person in the space fantastic right demonstrable stuff is my favorite form of proof if I can demonstrate how good and amazing it is I love groundbreaking stuff too so when I was way more Hands-On on social media Once Upon a Time because I took a 10year break which is a miracle I don't know how I survived uh I I made so much money off of social media without even being which is unfortunate because then Josh never heard who I was right yeah what the heck come on man yeah I mean like yeah could been way making way more money by now I just wanted to do my thing um but we used to have this Facebook group and I would be able I had a client the other day I was telling them this technique I call it storyboarding the testimony or storyboarding the experience I said we could go back and show a 14-day period where we drop an idea into the group we develop the idea we execute on the idea we get the initial feedback from the group and we can we can show in real time in the webinar through like a time lapse beted up like ID here bang bang bang bang bang bang bang huge breakthrough over here and it's fresh off the presses which also makes an incredible bonus because you know it's got that that new bonus smell as I like to call it right it's like this is new so it must be better because it's new so these are the things that we're looking for another thing that we do Josh is we try to make deals with third parties uh so if I can go to another company yeah and negoti you told that in your book and I did that a software company that we used I hit them up and I was like hey can we get a deal I'm sending all these customers already and they were like yeah we'll give you 30 days fore to your people that like it's crazy and now we have a great bonus crazy so it's hard to do that initially but once you got a winner everybody wants to hang with a winner so you go to them and be like listen uh this is the way I would always pitch it I'd be like what are you paying per lead and it wouldn't matter what they were paying for a lead it was way more than what I was going to give them I said would you like me to give you like $3,500 buyer leads for free uh everybody who's not an idiot would say yeah please do right okay cool this is all I need from you right um and so we would negotiate exclusive bonuses from them that we could put as free in our offer because they knew that if enough of these customers use this bonus naturally some of them would become paid clients of theirs and often times and this is especially true with software but there are other offers this works too the deliverables are sunk cost to these third party vendors meaning if I add a 100 customers to their pipeline to fulfill upon on it raises their costs minimally but it reduces their lead acquisition cost significantly so what I would always try to do Josh because exclusivity and scarcity drives sales more than anything like ask me how I know ask me how I know how do you know I can't buy a Birkin bag right now that's that's how I know right so Valentine's Day was recently right like there's a her store and we've tried three times to buy a highend designer bag and they keep telling us come back in a month and it just makes me want to buy the thing even more right nothing drives value like exclusivity and scarcity so uh if you can get a something from a third-party provider that's exclusive and only available for from you and nobody else and it's free because it's a bonus greatest thing you could ever do uh so we're trying to negotiate that so the cycle on those negotiations sometimes takes a while so we're we're always trying to get those deals and putting those things in place just to make the offer even even crazier and more absurd yep okay so something I noticed my biggest launches my best launch is it is when there's a scarcity urgency some sort of beta it's closing realistic it it like there's a deadline and it's going away and I've always wondered how can I replicate that into Evergreen but it and it's hard it's like you don't want to fake it and people can kind of pick on like have you ever tried to do scarcity with Evergreen bonuses how can you do that how can you add it realistically obviously I know you said like have bonuses go away I know you can frame things in a way where it's like oh wow but truly like how could you it's tough really is there is it just that you can't or there's ways you can do it but it's like yeah how is it a lot does it depends on like is it really because my thought is do you just have to keep launching new versions of your program or play the launch game over again okay yeah there's there's a few ways uh first of all I always think about it this way uh you can't automate the Super Bowl like if nobody wants to watch the Super Bowl the next day and especially me I'm out here in I was out here in France in the Super Bowls at 12:30 in the morning like I'm not getting up and watching that thing friends back home were like oh just record it and watch it the next day and it's like thing yeah so like your Super Bowl events anybody listening the things that are going to ring the cash register the most you should probably do those live because no matter what they're going to give you your biggest juice yeah it's not passive income but let me tell you a little secret there's no such thing as passive income it doesn't exist right um so yeah you got to work a little bit for your money I'm not going to feel sorry for you when you make quote it right then you can use genuine authentic scarcity which you should always use by the way but you can use it with the most amount of Leverage possible to have the biggest amount of impact right uh if you are going to automate and automation makes sense in a lot of different scenarios and use cases right um my favorite things to automate from a webinar are impulsive purchases so then it's less important about the scarcity it's more like you got me in the moment Mak sense here's my money and then we put them on a list and then we can invite them to customeron style webinars which we can do live and then create City that way right um so that's my second favorite way to do it now a third way is you can you can think programmatically so when we used to do this a lot with automated webinars uh I would say listen this offer is so good I'm only going to make it to you once and never again so I've had my program programmers figure out ways to know if you come back to this page and if you do we ain't going to offer it to you again so this is your one and only chance in order to get it right now that's heavy and that's strong and I get it um that can feel weird I mean but then I'm curious on your like your emails after that are you just is that like in certain situations where it's live and you're okay like you have enough people there where you're not worried about having to make more in the replay I mean yeah so like on automated we wouldn't do this on life but for an automated thing we're like we we we tell them we we track this and we make a and we do it we live by it right this isn't fake scarcity this is legitimate um the other things you can do and again these are hard but hard and worth it probably is you have all these bonuses and you can cycle through bonuses so you're going to run an offer for this week with this bonus and then you pull it out and you plug another bonus in the next week and then you pull that out you plug another bonus in the week after that um you can do that as well I generally what happens is is I suggest people think about it from a quarter to quarter basis every quarter you should update and change the offer and that allows you to then relaunch it and then cosmetically there's very little to actually change about the whole thing but by putting something new in front of it so this is an old newsletter trick this is I learned this from the newsletters uh when people used to sell like Financial newsletters uh or any newsletters by mail they would write a a a sales letter they would send it to you in the mail and they would spend the first 95% of the El that are talking about some new amazing fancy crazy great investment that's about to hit the market and they spent 95% of that time and then at the end they say we created a special report on it it's yours for free interesting when you sign up for whatever the newsletter is so they spent 95% of the pitch on these Direct Mail pieces talking about a thing where the punchline is free free attached to the offer uh and so all they would do is every month they would refresh what they would call the premium that's the technical term for it so each month they would just have their team write a new premium and that would be the new hook to get to the audience and they would sell a limited number of those I had these guys Josh that were they're in Germany and they said to me Jason they took a coaching program I did uh last year uh webinar coaching program I was very Hands-On with a few select clients and they said Jason I would just be the happiest person in the world if I could make X I can't remember what the number was and I said okay let's break it down how much does that mean per month and they're like it's Y and I said how many programs do you got to sell in order to reach why per month and I think it was 54 um so I think they had like a a very high ticket thing and 54 those a month they would make they would triple the amount of Revenue they've ever made in their life so I just told them you launch a program at the beginning of the month and say we're only taking on 54 people yeah and then when it's done we're done and then I the reason why and the positioning I gave them is you said listen we don't want to sell this thing we want to serve this thing right so the least amount of time we can spend selling it and the most amount of time we can spend servicing it that makes us very happy this is why we only allow 54 people in each month do you want to wait till next month or would you like to do it this month and then every month like clockwork they filled their 50s four spots everybody on their team had one goal to get to 54 and so they were very creative and all the different ways with the webinar being the centerpiece of it to get to 54 and that was true honest legitimate scarcity and a tripled their profits yeah just gave them a Target to hit because then anyway it's like okay you're not saying it's going away forever you're just saying this month yeah and then next month it opens again and then it's like that's I mean that's how it works mean I think about shoe companies they when they drop like shoes or whatever you know they they'll come back you know it's just the the first drop though that month there's only so many that get out there so it's like do you want to wait to get this shoe on resale Market or later yeah that's smart that's smart um have you ever tried random bonuses like the shotgun have you ever tried to like replicate that in the internet infos space like have you ever I'm CU somewhat yes uh more for clients than me like I hate dealing with the logistics of fulfillment on physical products uh but with clients that are good at it yeah we do all kinds of crazy stuff like that um God and and the margins on it are pretty insane too like if you're selling a $5,000 product and you say what could we give to them for $300 and you can usually get it wholesale um so you can get like a a $1,200 retail item for $300 wholesale if you buy a few in advance and so when a client buys like a $5,000 product from from you you can send them in the mails like popcorn machine makers like crazy something right you can do it's it's amazing what you can do like you could send somebody to their house to be a stylist for them like if you're teaching them how to speak on a stage you could hire a stylist for $300 an hour to come to their house right like true yeah and the perceived value on that is is through the roof right that got me that's making me think I'm like what are some ways because with info we have so much margin obviously I mean depends on your cost for acquisition and whatever but even then like realistically compared to most businesses we're sitting pretty good like we we don't have much to complain about like compared like Ecom guys or whatever so might as well use some of that money something greedy to like wow people create a better customer your cost per acquisition will go down if you make the quality of your offer go so people are so fast chos to spend an extra 500 bucks on on Facebook ads but they won't spend it on customers which is insane to me I'd rather make customers richer than Facebook so we can create a decrease in acquisition by increasing conversion by investing more into the offer so therefore we have to invest less into the ad Network yeah I like that people won't get that man I've been screaming it for years right they're like give Facebook more money give Google more okay whatever dude go for it um one thing is interesting is you okay so a lot of people say like hide the sales process right and I was watching some of your webinars it I think it was a product E-class I'm pretty sure yeah and maybe 5.0 I don't know there's been a bunch of variations I've watched most of them but you reveal the sales process early on and I honestly was thinking I was like I I wrote this down like for myself I wrote down the best way to hide the sales process sometimes is just to reveal it early and in your webinar what you did is you would say you hey come we're going to teach you this blah blah blah blah and then you said oh I've got two goals for this training my first goal is to teach you about all this stuff my second goal is to sell you it's like but if I don't fall through on my you know first go then don't buy anything from me but if I some by some miracle do then you should feel obligated whatever you know you had your old thing to hear what I have to offer at the end is that okay you reveal it off the bat and I love that especially for some markets obviously some I feel like maybe you don't do it but especially the ones where people are aware I feel like it like eases the attenion like when I was watching it I was just like okay like he at least he admitted it like we all know it's going there we all know you're going to sell something I think the worst thing is in the comments be like what is he selling what's the price you know and it's like everyone's just waiting for it it gets you distracted from the content but when you said it I was able to like focus on it so what are some other ways that you reveal the sales process early that you've worked on um do you always do that in all your webinars like when would you do that and when wouldn't you do it yeah I love to look at it as an option so I'm always thinking how do I tell them that I want to sell them something and make it a benefit for them to want to buy like that's where I always start um so if there's a natural elegant easy way and it makes sense then that's what I'll default to no it doesn't always do it uh but sometimes it does like I literally before our call uh I had a call with a client um right before we did this podcast and he had been built up because he'd been doing a lot of one-on-one stuff and now he wanted to do weinar so he already has like 15,000 people just at a click that are dying to buy this new thing he wants to test out so he wrote a webinar and I was helping him with it and I told him flat out just tell them up front I'm going to sell you a product at the end of this webinar and I'm letting you know that because we're initially only take it on 15 spots so I would hate for you to find out later and miss it so just stay tuned if this makes sense to you and you want to work with us hey we got 15 spots um now if you don't this is still going to be worth your time but if you're ready you could be one of the 15 uh and for him I was explaining why he should do that uh because he had built up all this Goodwill in advance so I knew as soon as he dropped it it would sell out and then his business partner was on the call with him he says Jason I'm confident we could just text people and sell it and I go I know you guys could but I don't want you to I want you to win in the webinar format so you can move in that direction because I think that's where you're going to grow your business the most I go but you guys are completely right now here's the thing that Josh Nobody Does this because they all look at models and they say well so and so starts it this way so I have to start it this way so these guys default into the normal process yeah that that it goes and they don't think contextually I'm always thinking contextually so I have a YouTube video uh that I posted something like Watch Me Close you know 30% of the room or whatever yeah weinar and people would not believe me uh but I have the video proof so it's true because I tell that room flat out I'm going to sell you this product and when I go into the clothes when I transition into it I said did daddy do a good job I say this on stage in front of an audience of full grown men most of them seven eight or nine figure business owners I asked him daddy did a good job right and I did a close where I said this offer is so good only a narcissist wouldn't buy it right okay now that's context because there's a lot of narcissists in that room so I had to put a bind on them because I knew it was in their best interest to bind so I wanted to do to B but also part of it is this is marketers marketing to other marketers so how do I differentiate from the 10 speakers that are before and the 10 speakers that are going to be after me how do I be memorable how do I stick out how do I how do I make an impression on the audience so that was one of the ways that I did it uh is by show doing having different techniques than anybody else had so that's context right now true I do this a lot with clients I tell them to do the same thing that I do not for the audience benefit per se for them scared because they're scared out of their mind they act like selling something to somebody is like performing an assault on a 10-year-old kid with a baseball B right like nobody's gonna get Hur here you're just pitching like no no a nuclear bomb is not going to get dropped over your hometown if it doesn't go well you know so like I I wonder if you could transition this into the sales call format because I feel a lot time it's like what if you just gotten a call and you're just like hey really quick before we jump into this I just want to be honest with you I got two goals and like just say I want like because you're You' be so afraid just get on it you might as well just do it I remember when I did it I it removed that pressure like because especially being a marketer and being in it and I just feel like oh they know or especially if you're selling other marketers there's a lot of that but right when you just expose it it's like oh it's out there it's like yeah there you yeah often for companies that I treat I teach sales training to I I instruct them to to have the following script when they get on a call they say three things are going to happen on this call uh the first thing is it's going to be the worst call you've ever experienced in your life you're going to be upset you're going to hate us and you're going to feel like it's the biggest waste of time you've ever had in your life that's the first thing it's by the way it's never happened yeah but it could right uh the second option is we're going to click become fast friends and you're going to see that this makes so much sense for you and it's we're going to see that you're a perfect fit and then we're going to make an offer to you at the end to take this further than this one call that we're going to have together and if I feel like you're a right fit then I'm going to show you that offer and then if you love it you're going to buy it and that's going to make the most sense to you so that's the second option and that happens sometimes the third option is we have a good time together your time was well spent my time was well spent but for one reason or another it doesn't make sense to move forward in business and we part as friends so these are the three things that going to happen today I just want to let you know that up front now that that's out of the way how you doing right um something along those lines like I don't read scripts anymore so I I couldn't tell you word for word but we would script out things that would be of that nature right yeah I feel like when I look at your skill set and I watch your webinars and what you do it you're like a master at reframing or stealing the frame like you say yeah and it's you're not stuck in just like like you said a model where it's I have to say this and there you're very creative in the way that you position things or reframe it and it's almost like pattern interrupts which I know you shared a story about when you were a kid and the whole situation with that and you can we can go into it later whatever we had a situation K Crazy Life man yeah crazy story it's on your Facebook profile you can read it but you talk about how pattern interrupts are huge and like stealing the frame so talk to us about that how do you steal the frame why do you steal the frame what does that mean so I think that I love that that's really cool so I learned this from the pickup artist Community way back in the day so that's where I made my first money I wasn't so into the stuff but I wanted to make money with the stuff because my dad and mom got a divorce my dad bought like a dating product and then I heard that it had an affiliate program that was like hot at the time so I'm like I'm gonna learn this so I can sell it as an affiliate but I picked some stuff up along the way so one of the things is stealing the frame so like if a guy's going out with a girl and he just he meets her before she can say it to him he says just so you know we're not going to sleep together tonight right and she's like what do you mean because that's her line but she can't say it anymore because he just said it right so like taking her things that she would say and saying them before she could say it now she's out of this pattern that she's normally in uh and she can be a real person that you could have a communication with right now they were using it to get laid but I always thought that was a really cool concept because later on when I studied hypnotism and I studied a lot of neural linguistic programming and these other Arts of persuasion uh what you learn is when people get into a pattern they will stay in that pattern until you do something drastic to disrupt them from that pattern so people that procrastinate tend to put off taking action for tomorrow and then they never do um because they're in a pattern by the way when you start kicking ass you tend to keep kicking ass and then all of a sudden you're like oh my God I'm super productive uh you're in a pattern right so buyers and sellers both come into any environment in a pattern of expectations I expect this to happen I expect that to happen and I expect that to happen um so if that pattern is great we use it fantastic if it's got usefulness to it and it gets us to the end goal let's embrace the pattern but if the pattern creates problems and it often does so people will get stuck in a pattern where they can't move forward and they repeat the pattern over and over again uh that's where the challenge is that's where the problem is and so when I'm working at you know whether it's creating a webinar a sales pitch um content even how do I create the right uh conditions the frame this the the box that we put the content around how do I do that and what's the best way to set that frame so I have to set the frame and one of the ways I have to do that is set it in a way that I can take what's best from their patterns that there is good or I can disrupt the pattern that they have so I I'll give you a stupid example that proves this point I hear this all the time clients come to me and say like Jason Facebook advertising doesn't work and I'll be like oh okay done let me call Zuckerberg tell him to shut the whole program down because uh he doesn't know it works and now that he does we're gonna just take it offline they be like okay first of all that's a humor is a great pattern interrupt true true but so I'm like okay you know we got a call all the stock investors cuz it's a bill it's trillion dollar company but it doesn't work damn this is going to shock the world when they find out they're like no no no Jason hold on they say yeah yeah they'll say it doesn't work for me and I'll be like what did you try like well we tried everything like just tell me the 77 things that you tried last right not everything I just want to know 77 of them and they're like uh because they haven't tried 77 right it's Preposterous so again breaking the pattern uh that I've tried everything you haven't tried everything usually here what it is Josh you tried three things you tried them each once and then you drew a conclusion that it didn't work and you moved on you got stuck in that pattern we tried it it didn't work immediately so therefore it doesn't work so I'm going to break that pattern so I just broke it like I broke it by making fun of it having them laugh at it having them look at it from a different perspective well I didn't even try 77 things like U but a successful person would try many things before they can contribute and then we can have a conversation well what are you trying to do with your Facebook ads what's the goal and what do you think it would take to get there and then we could start that process uh and so that's how I look at everything so one of the best pattern interrupts that you can do on webinars is to tell them I want to sell you a product on this webinar and they're like what wow that's crazy right like I can't believe that uh and then that's great because then we can set the terms true we can say I would like for you to buy if x and if I and if not X then don't buy and when you have a Target to hit it's more likely to hit so I like those closes because I can then put targets to hit but I'm so confident that if they're the right person it would make sense for them to buy and so if I can use that then I'll use that so and again with clients because they're so scared to sell their pattern is if I sell bad things will happen I break them of that pattern by getting them comfortable to sell uh and you know and you've seen it we were talking about it before the call one of my favorite ways to do that is to have the presenter say I'm scared out of my mind right now I'm shaking I'm nervous I'm about to pass out uh I'm going white I might even vomit because I'm gonna try to sell you something today and that's like scares me out of my mind you know what I'm gonna do it anyway despite my own personal discomfort I'm going to sell you because I'm going to help you out of your discomfort but forgive me if I stutter if I stammer uh if I if I'm scared if I start crying because I am frankly terrified out of my mind and the audience is like I have never seen this before what do I do with this information they almost want to be like oh honey it's okay I'll buy better right let's go yeah they start clapping you got this please tell me please sell me it's like okay cool I couldn't teach that to the best P person in the world to get the audience begging to sell and now I got somebody who's terrible begging the audience I have the audience begging to make the offer yeah dang I feel like when you say like the patterns they're almost like limiting beliefs or objections that they have and so what I take away from this is one I need to figure out what frame do I want them in like what where like what frame do I want to control then I need to figure out what's their current frame or the current pattern objection limit to belief and then like just call it out in either a humorous way or direct way or whatever and then set the conditions for where you want them to be if that's them yeah that's a very simple way of doing it now there's a whole bunch of ways that you can there many techniques so the root of it Josh is perspective if I can shift your perspective I can shift the Insight that you have so if you if you look at your problem um and it's in front of you and it's so big you can't see past it you're going to be stuck but if I can pull you into the future mentally and then have you look back at your problem is already solved that's a different pers perspective you now have new insight if you have this problem and it's too big and I can break it down into small digestible pieces now what became overwhelming now becomes manageable so that's a different perspective that's a that's a small zoomed in perspective versus a wide zoomed out perspective I'll use both right yeah I'll use anything and everything I can if it's the right person that should invest in the offer to help them see it but if perspective a don't work I'm going to shift to perspective B uh and if perspective B don't work then I'm going to shift to perspective C the ultimate frame that you and I have Josh is our sincerity to serve shows through in everything that we do so when that is the case and you push on an audience they know where it comes from and they'll be accepting of it it's that coach that wants you to do better so he's going to work you hard because he sees the potential in you you'll respond positively to that but if it's just that guy who wants to pick your pocket when you're not looking right you won't respond to that even if you're using the same technique true like come because the frame isn't right either way it comes down to honesty caring putting love into the product your reason like obviously someone could take this and go dark lord with it or you know try and try that'll only go so far I feel like at the end of the day it's gonna it's GNA get capped I mean if you're a really good sociopath yeah you could do it right but SHO yeah I don't want to go to sleep um you said on your your post you said you've got a cool webinar trick where you you hit three things you say a like might happen B probably will happen C I can guarantee will happen explain that to us what does that mean oh God I I so I developed this because we used to get Affiliates to not promote against us but to promote with us so i' be like Hey listen you could promote this offer compete against me that'll be fun uh uh or we can promote me as an affiliate to your list and split the money now this is what I said to them I said I can't guarantee I will make more money if you partner with me because I'd have to double your sales for you to make the same amount of money I can't guarantee that I go but what I can guarantee is it will be the greatest easiest simplest promotion you've ever done in your life and what I can guarantee is your customers will be better taken care of than they've ever been taken care of before and oh by the way four out of five times we triple conversions you know this is all set up stuff but yeah but but that pattern was really interesting to me like I can't guarantee X but I can guarantee y so I started messing with it so I say I say this this might happen or this could happen this might happen this will happen right so yeah yeah I might make your life the greatest life you've ever had um when you work with me I might change and revolutionize everything in your life to be incredibly amazing in every single way possible that could happen I don't know if it'll happen or not now by the way you've now just embedded every single benefit in there regardless and then you said it could happen right yeah okay yeah what will likely happen is you will get some insights and you will get some motivation and you will see things in a new way and you will notice capabilities that sooner or later will show up in your life and you will be very happy as a result that probably will happen right uh so that's stage and then what I know for a fact 100% that will happen is we will do everything that we can to support you along the way we will provide to you every resource within our experience to give you that advantage that you need I can 100% guarantee that will happen so you you know yeah you could would probably will absolutely will and people will now you get the best of all three worlds true you get the best of it you can make a huge promise that is unlikely to happen but could happen uh you make something that is probably going to happen under most circumstances and then you can promise something that you know will happen that is within your control and you've covered the whole thing and they they are now more likely to believe the thing that is unlikely to happen than if you just go out there and say this is going to happen you're going to get it yeah I feel like I feel like those markets too where if you have hit too many big claims or I think about bizop how if you you know pitch a number or talk about a number that they've never even seen in their bank account before they're immedi medely going to like reject that because they don't think it's possible they've never seen it but then if you were to hit a number like oh $100 a day it's like oh well I've made you know that in two days from working at 9 to five or whatever it's more realistic but so but with this you could still talk about the 10,000 a month like you know you might make $110,000 you know you probably will happen then you know I can guarantee this I feel like it contextualizes it better and you're almost you're not making claims but you're I don't know you're kind of making a claim but you're implying it or the perception like Po one out of a hundred customers kills it right so it's like that could happen it's unlikely to happen but it's possible you know and what we find with with customers is they gain confidence almost all the time I can't guarantee that'll happen but it usually does happen and and they'll see things that they can use in other areas of their life even that those things that weren't intended when they bought this product that probably will happen now here's 100% what I know will happen when you go through this it will be a completely different experience we have we have a customer support team that you've never seen anything like it before because that's a number one priority in our business we will show up every day for you to do everything we can in your power I will 100% guarantee to you that that will happen and then hey maybe you can get a win quickly I don't know if you can and maybe one day you'll set the record I don't know if that's possible but what I know is dot dot dot and you go back to home base right like and that's how you should sell like it shouldn't be this big ridiculous grandiose promise I feel like you can almost tie that in early into the webinar after you like obviously I know you do at the start you'll hook them in you know you'll tease them all that in in that way or the problem I feel like you almost like could tease them that way too like with just a work the workshop or the webinar like just them watching it what could happen or whatever to but also sounds like this could be used in the clothes so I like that this can be used everywhere I love these structures and these patterns because they become these beats that you can pull out whenever you want put them anywhere yeah you put on post emails I'm think like everything you're saying I'm like I could put this on every piece of my Marketing in a different way um webinars being dead you you wrote webinars are not dead they are not dying they are not even having a midlife crisis um let's talk about that I personally I I was low ticket like I went into low ticket that's all I've did so obviously I mean I never was on the team bandwagon of saying oh they're dead cuz I'm like I know fre Mark lack you know my business partner made millions and millions of dollars with them so obviously they're not dead when are they or when are they ineffective I guess is my question because it's like I don't think they're dead but when when do when don't they work is it just because people don't hire you I mean that could be the case you know that could be one option I wish that was true right uh it does help though I will tell you that but there are Cly where webinars don't make sense and there are certainly companies that are structured where it's really hard to leverage a webinar uh in most instances in most markets if you know how to use the tool the webinar is still the most versatile powerful leverageable tool that exists now when people just say that webinars are dead here's what they mean they mean gone are the days where you could barely try and you could get by on the fact that you were using this media that was different than other Medias and that was by the way for what it was at the time it was relatively hard to even do an average webinar because you have to like put the tech in place you have to put a slide deck in place you have to public speak you have to train you have to sell that's asking a lot um that's hard to do so yeah so people had trouble just getting those steps done so they can then just have a mediocre webinar online um and they got by on that and then all of a sudden guys like me mostly me I taught everybody either directly or I taught it through your favorite marketer who learned it from me the perfect web what I thought yeah the three Secrets right speak number one yeah yeah yeah so yeah it's you probably learned the model through me and then a lot of people started utilizing it and they got really good at it and so if you have a great webinar you will make more money than ever but if you have an average webinar you will make less money than ever so the stakes are higher and this is true everywhere in mature Industries like if you're on YouTube five years ago like you could half ass it and do reasonably well nowadays if you don't got that thumbnail on point you don't got that title locked in you know you got some some crazy edits going on it's hard and you still have to starve for eight months right um but nobody's saying YouTube is dead YouTube is bigger than it's ever been webinars are the same way like if somebody could could sit next to me for a week and go on the Consulting calls that I do and work with the clients I work with the only conclusion that you could draw is webinars are the most amazing thing that's ever existed because the money that's being printed with them from the people I talk to is insane but you don't see that you only see oh this guy complaining that the webinar show rates are down they are down guess what yeah so a million people you can reach now and only have 5% show up is still a greater number than the 10,000 you could reach last year and have 50% of people show up right give me 5% of a million dollar don't give me 100% of $100 so percentage rates is the poor metric of measurement on webinar impact right and on on and on you could go but yeah you got to have better skills in 2025 than you did in 2015 to to think otherwise is stupid right like what thing that's gotten good has allowed you to stay mediocre at and still get the same results so I get it but uh a lot of people are thinking that it's it's quote unquote dead and you know what isn't dead ai ai is Gonna Save the World right so in 12 months from now mark my words AI will be dead and it will be something else yeah y what's the craziest offer or not craziest what's an offer you didn't think was going to convert with a webinar and it did um you consulted you you can imply the market you don't have to be specific if it's got to keep things private but yeah I mean some of these ones that Grant Cardone has done make no sense to me whatsoever right but like which ones like what is he doing I didn't follow that man anymore oh I don't know Grant I've gotten an arguments over this because he was like we should put the price right up front and sell on the price in the first five minutes of the webinar and I've done that by the way yeah uh and sometimes it works better but not usually uh so but when you have ult of personality and you have the branding tied in with it uh it's going to completely kill it I said to Alex Heros when I did Consulting on his book launch uh last year for hundred million do leads um we we obsessed for an hour or two on the reason why he's doing it and Alex wanted to do a mission-based reason why like I'm doing this because this is a movement you can help me on my movement something like that and I was very resistant to that idea because generally people motivate for selfish reason not for movements you know especially in marketing like bu this marketing book right ultimately he went with it which I think was the right move I I think it was mooded at the end of the day I think the other stuff was so important that it didn't matter um but I mean I knew that thing was going to be a home run the the minute that he rolled it out there yeah but I'll tell you the offer that I never thought would work it wasn't a webinar offer but it was Ty Lopez's 76 steps or 70 whatever like there's too many steps nobody wants and sure enough everybody I mean if you have a nice if the frame is ridiculous enough I guess it makes sense and it works uh but I'll tell you one of my favorites Josh I have a client and she teaches uh women um so like the biggest epidemic for alcoholism is middle-aged women for whatever reason as a percent it's going through the roof and so she's got this wonderful program that helps them deal with this issue and she came to me because she studied me and she was using a lot of my clothes that I use to sell hardcore entrepreneurs right like oh no and to the female Market that's crazy dud alcoholics right like that's even hard too and I'm reading this and I'm like oh no I'm like I think you gotta use more empathy because I I use way more empathy in certain markets than in other markets and then she says well here's the numbers and I go never mind kill it you know wow wow that's a hard one too because like I've seen I've tried to work on some of those offers work with alcoholics it's like bro what that's like yeah that's that's impressive that it's right but again it shows you that if you can reach people that are struggling and you can have a message that can help them through it um that's the best way to sell them because you offer the value in advance and then you just essentially extend what the experience is like if they were to pay you money one thing I've always wrestled with I think it probably started because I entered the game from bizop and Guru telling me doing Drop Shipping or whatever but I look at life through the lens of trying to find the one thing or the one process like I just think like there was one factor that makes this all work do you believe in this game of info offer selling is there really one foundational thing or is it is it multiple are you on that okay like not only is it multiple but we're in a dynamic market so the players in the market change the rules of the game so if nobody's selling low ticket Josh I'm going to be the first guy El there're smashing low ticket if everybody's selling low ticket I'm going to quit selling low ticket right true true because there's gaps in the market and I want to sit in a gap uh I want to have timing and I want to use utilize timing properly so early stage timing has different strategy than late stage timing would have or middle stage timing um there's all sorts of factors that will change the strategies that you should consider using so the best thing you can do is have a deep chest of tools for different strategies and then having a smart intelligence approach to context I use this tool in this scenario and I don't use this tool in that scenario right like I don't use a hammer when I'm not bashing in a nail right like I don't use a hammer to I'm trying to think of a good analogy here Hammer to wash the dishes here we go right go it's like dang why does it work right I use a dish towel to wash the dishes I mean I hire somebody to wash the dishes but uh but yeah so all things can be useful in certain scenarios and there's more than one way to the top of the mountain so you have to calibrate between two things one is what are the conditions in the market and two is what are your personal capabilities if you hate being on webinars and you come to me and say Jason I want to do a webinar no that's not the strategy I'm going to give you I'm going to find where you're strong in and we're going to develop a strategy around that we're never going to touch the webinar the webinar is just a tool right but you know if you come to me and you're a dynamic presenter and you just have trouble making an offer but you're really good on camera and you're really personable and you're charismatic we gonna bang that webinar out as fast as we can because I can fix the selling stuff that's super easy to fix so we want to have multiple things that we can use and then try to calibrate them to the market into our personal skill set and of course always try to uplevel our skills too yeah yeah um also how much I have plenty of questions how much time do you have I could go for I got a I got a family waiting for dinner upstairs so I can go a few more minutes yeah I got I'll do one more question then we'll let you go back to fam that's important selling the webinar you said you talked about some of your videos and here and there that you've sold the webinar like as its own offer which to me that was appealing because I'm like I know I need to do a webinar but for me there's resistance because I proceed on consum it whatever but it's like low ticket all day like that's my thing so I heard that I was like okay okay like selling the webinar do you still sell webinars do do like what are your thoughts on that has that changed since you shared that in the past or again is it just depends on the market the situation and if so when would you sell the webinar yeah there's times Josh when I have a webinar that I can't cut from like I need to educate to a certain level and if I remove it then I don't like the webinar maybe it still sell but it doesn't feel like it gives value independent of that so instead of Leaning into something that's leaning back on me so instead of swimming Upstream we go the other way with it we say well just make it a three-hour webinar uh and then we'll teach more than you could ever possibly teach on a webinar we'll lean into it into the direction it's already moving in uh but the here's the problem if it's free it's very hard to have attention on a three-hour training webinar people think you're the devil if you try to God forbid teach something for three hours how dare you right get them to pay a dollar for it though and they'll show up and watch it twice because now they own it and when they own it they are going to get the most out of it that they possibly can so in those instances for those types of of offers or topics or what have you we make it a cheap webinar five buck 10 Buck 20 Buck $30 webinar and then we get them on there and then we teach them for three hours and then we can sell them in the fourth hour now the pitch is different I have a whole different pitch when I do these typ prods um but nonetheless we can still sell on the back of that sometimes by the way all offers fatigue so we had this offer product E-class that sells really well at 500 bucks and it's a great lead magnet and pulls a lot of good buyers in converts extremely well but after a while the offer fatigues people see it they get tired of it so then we roll in the second offer which is a $25 offer that trains them for three hours on a product creation uh technique and then we prodct E-class on the back of it and then we get a whole bunch of more buyers um and we get buyers on the front end too so even if they don't buy the the product eClass that's good for our business but a lot of them upgrade to the $500 as well so this is kind of like hey when this offer fatigues when the free webinar fatigues for this market and that particular time we roll out the paid webinar that's a different offer and we train on it and then we sell from that perspective there's so many ways you can do it it's so fun you know my beef is this marketers are supposed to be innovators I don't see any Innovation coming out of Marketing I see a lot of guys copying each other's homework with the wrong answers on the damn homework dang that's true I that's true I feel like you have so much F you're so like I watch your webinars you're having fun with you're making jokes you're like using language like you're one of the things you're like oh if I like even if you using the word like measly like one measly something measly he kept saying that I'm like what the freak is he saying but like it sticks out it's like these little things where you are just having fun with it I think that needs to be brought back to this game I think we get too caught up in the money we have a lot of people coming to this game who want just the money been sold on the money and they're not actually here to enjoy the marketing or or whatever so yeah I'm excited I hope this inspires people to do that to be more creative I know it's inspired me um to try to bring some some twists to the game and I hope hope people start thinking for themselves after this so I appreciate you sharing and setting the example for for all these years and dude we need to get your name out there more I'm going to do everything I can uh because this is great this is huge I appreciate it man so I finally came back like in the last year and I'm like all right it's time to it's time to build a brand oh yeah bro your YouTube's awesome guys look him up on YouTube I'll make sure to leave it below check out his book one to mini uh product E-class is another great product by you too uh so many other things and if you dig deep enough like I did you may find find some recordings of those old webinars somewhere out there I won't say where you got to work for it but study it use it it's worked for me it can work for you too and Jason I appreciate you jumping on today thank you for having me


╔══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╗
║  FONTE: He Sold 380,000 Courses Using Cold Traffic Without Showing His Face or Selling Highticket [J8JthLqI608].en.txt
║  VÍDEO: He Sold 380,000 Courses Using Cold Traffic Without Showing His Face Or Selling Highticket [J8Jthlqi608].En
║  ADICIONADO EM: 04/08/2026
╚══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╝

All right, guys. Welcome back to part two of a interview slashcon conversation with my buddy Doug here. If you guys haven't watched the first interview, make sure you go do that. It's actually the second most viewed video on the channel above Iman Godzi and right after Allan Allen's interview, so shout out to you, Doug. People loved uh loved the first one. So, let's try to make this the most viewed. Um, since we last talked, Doug's brand that he's scaling that he's a part of, uh, just crossed over 380,000 courses sold. Uh, no high ticket backend. That's one of the things you talked about last time. There's not a book a call. There's no high ticket. Um, front-end info based offer and I know there's some ecom on the back end as well, but no high ticket. Um, just very close to hitting eight figures in ARR. Correct. I think we mentioned that before. um you're not the face, you're not the guru, you're really the shadow operator who uh worked with some expert and scaled uh the individual up and the that person is the face of the brand and the expert behind the product. So, if you guys want to kind of hear the story how that partnership worked, the deal structure, go watch the first one. But this is really an update on the new challenges that come with scaling a brand this far. And Doug was even saying before we started recording that it's not pretty. And so if you're coming here to get hyped up on just unrealistic claims and situations, then this is not the video for you. But if you want to see realistically what it looks like a company this big that's capping and hitting, you know, to tap into the full available TAM, uh, this interview is for you if you really want to see what goes in behind the scenes. So Doug, appreciate you coming back for round two. What's going on, man? What's uh what are some of the new new challenges you face or what what happens at this level? What's going on? Yeah. Yeah. And uh thanks for having me, Josh. Appreciate it. Um it's fun for me. So yeah, you want an update on what the whole Yeah, like that's I'm curious. The last the last episode, right? 50k a day. Yeah. 50k a day. We ran at like $1.5 million topline per month for about five and a half, six months. And before that it was like, you know, 800, 700, 600k a month. Um, but yeah, we sold we ended up getting to 380,000 front-end buyers in two years. Um, I think now we're at like 58,000 people in the recurring program, fitness program. Um, and yeah, so what happened was like we were just like this like I just wanted to push this one offer like as as hard as I could and see like how far I could take it and um, you know, it just kept growing and growing and I just kept you know trying to double down and stay focused and not take take on anything else. Mhm. Um, so yeah, we were cruising. We couldn't really like we couldn't break through the one and a.5 million a month pure low ticket $45 AOB type thing. $46. Bro, that's crazy. What the Yeah, that's crazy. Yeah, the market is mostly 80% US. Um, so we're kind of squeezing in as much as we could. We didn't want to do high ticket. Still don't. I don't want a call center and I don't want coaching this huge staff of coach. What do you think you could if you did high ticket? How like what do you think you'd be doing a month right now? I don't know. Million. It's got to be like four I think five million maybe. Um, you won't touch it for I I won't touch it for like this is a fitness health Oh yeah, we talked about this and ethically I just I feel bad charging people like5 $7,000 many thousand um you know when we can give them a solution for 200. Yeah. So yeah, I think accessible is like is is important um for me. And so I've always been thing like yeah, just want to go low ticket. Um but yeah, so we hit that ceiling like one and a half million a month. Like we broken like we've broken the 50k per day. Like I think the most we did was 123k in a day on probably one of the sales days um Black Friday or whatever. Um but yeah then we just what what we started noticing in the be like Q2 this year is the margins were shrinking like the scale was still really high. margins were shrinking, shrinking, shrinking and um we're just having having like our CPA was going up um and just having you know having a hard time bringing people in. We we had like two uh creative agencies pumping out like like a lot a lot of ads. Um but we just couldn't break through and the margin would kept shrinking. So, we just took a step back and we're like, okay, our our TAM is about in North America like 30 to 35 million people. We at the time we sold like 350,000 360,000 front end courses. And so, we're like, oh, we hit the 1% where you have to switch to branding. um against you know and so we're like at the same time we we fixed a lot of like the foundation because our product delivery was like we're on Kajjabi and using Vidapp for the delivery and like it wasn't that great and so um we decided we moved platforms we switched to a new platform to deliver like the web and the app members area it's way better looks so much better um it's It's a fitness again it's a fitness app so it's we moved over to Uscreen is the platform and so um it's like the web the app everything is beautiful it it syncs it works really nicely um and so then when we did that we're like okay we need to switch to branding we got to stop the whole direct response we got to stop the like limited time offer buy now and um we just did we're like you know what we're just going to we're just going to like open up the entire membership for free. No credit card, just come in and try it. Um cuz we had a lot of people on the fence too because people are getting up upset at our like upsell, you know, you know the like you get like, you know, one in every thousand customers will comment your ad being like they're a scam. You know, I saw I saw you have Reddit too. On Reddit, I saw some stuff on Reddit people are starting to talk. That's I feel like that's when you really know you're hitting like mass marketers and like the Reddits, the forums, and people know and they're adding. I'm like, "Dude, I knew you're really getting big." Yeah. Thankfully, like we, you know, we our the post purchase has always been like a really big um a really big deal for us. Like we've always overd delivered. Um, and so, you know, a lot of times when we get negative comments on the ads, we will get like customers chiming in and defending us instead of us having to do anything. And same on Reddit, like you know, people complain and then other people are like, "Oh, well, I got it and it was, you know, such great value and it's really helped me." So, um, yeah, but it was just it was becoming a lot, right? cuz you're probably doing like a thousand front end or 1500 front end purchases a day. So out of that you get like you know 10 15 really upset people and then they go comment on your ads and then you know the AI's summary and yeah so Google like the Google AI summary or no the Facebook comments. Oh yeah. Um, you know, people are saying that they, you know, and that's bro, I didn't even see that on my metal. What the freak is, is that a newerate? I don't know. Dang. When you go to the comments, it's like I think in an ad there's usually a summary of the here's what customers are saying. And again, it's like we had a lot of people defending us, but it was just those those sour, you know, those sour people. So, we're like, we're just going to do this campaign. We're going to let everyone try the product completely free. It's a brand new product. It's beautiful. It works amazing. We opened it up and in the first like in two weeks, I think we got like 10,000 trials. Um, and people were going in and, you know, using the product and liking it. Um, but we were getting tire kickers again and like, you know, not a lot of them converted to paid. Um, and then we switched to requiring the credit card and we did that for about 8 weeks. Um, and it's like it's going okay for like most if you were like a regular business, but for us it's like we we have such a high minimum that we need we need like, you know, 2,000 new members a month just as like bare minimum. And so, you know, getting like 5,000 new members a month, it's yeah, CPA is just too high right now and we need like an investor, but um or like we'd have to invest like every dollar that we've made into like building up the AR. So, um you know, when we decided to do this, obviously asked all of my mentors and they were all like, "Don't do that." And we did it anyways. And you know, there's only one way to find out. Yeah. How things are gonna work out, right? And it went okay, but it's the first time in like our history, like two and a half years, that we're losing members. Like the membership counts going down. Yeah. Yeah. Um but yeah, so that's kind of the update in this like whole switch. Like we we brought on like some really like really smart people to help us out. Um, one of which, you know, Brandon Vasquez. Oh, yeah. HP. Yeah. He was doing CRO for us. And like, how'd that help? What changed? Like any big lifts? Oh, for sure. Huge. And he he was only working on our um the membership only free trial funnel. But like man, he or like like he would do like he'd look through the screen recordings, look through the heat maps, give us a little report once a week and and be like, "Here's what you should do." And I think his first test that he did the first week was like four headlines. Yeah. Just changed our our the headline of the page based on what, you know, people were interacting with most on the page. and he like beat our control I think by like 10 or 15%. Yeah, I'm sure it took like three hours of work. Um, so that's sick. Yeah. And like every week he would he would do a little heat map analysis and I would just learn so much about about the customer. So he him and like anyone learning from him I think is like I think it's essential for any business that's doing like a decent volume. Um yeah and if people don't know who he is I'll link him but I know he's a part of nothing Back. He's one of the coaches there. He has an individual program inside of NHV. So if you join that then he has like his own version of like fast forward like Allan does. And so that's where he fulfills through right now. I think it's a huge opportunity like learning learning from him to be like if people want to sell services like it's such a high value service being able to like yeah like the numbers and the data speaking to you like there some people like for a low ticket funnel I look at stats or ascension you do it so much where the numbers almost speak to you I can be like this is what's going on and the same thing for media buyers who ad accounts they can just they it just I would say it speaks to them and then also CRO like his the heat maps He's so used to seeing so many like this six cents that you get. Yeah. Like uh for me like the numbers we we were always like completely on top of the numbers, but then he added the whole qualitative side of it where we're like we never would have split tested this if we didn't have someone looking through the session recordings or the heat maps. Um, and like one of the things, you know, which was so obvious, but like he's just like we need like an FAQ with a drop down so with all these different points so we can see what people what's holding them back and then we'll use those to create a section on the site and dang. Yeah, that's smart. But yeah, it's like even just like little words like we create a new section, right? you don't know why it works, but then you see like, oh, they're really hing on this expertbacked or like researchbacked or like, you know, used by over, you know, this thousands of women. So, you really see what's getting the most attention with that. You put a bunch of stuff out there and the numbers don't really tell you that, but the session, the clarity stuff does. So, you know, having someone That's sick. Yeah, I like that. It's uh it's it's really cool. So, yeah, I think um I think you know people wanting to get like to make a career in in this world, I think like I would go if I was starting over again, I'd go learn from him and go offer CRO services. Yeah, this is great. No, it's huge. Anyway, so yeah, we worked with him. Yep. Um but yeah, now we're like, okay, that didn't work. We're going to go back to the AC funnel. Hey, low tick is back. Yeah, we're going back to low ticket. Um, and we're kind of learning from all the mistakes we made last time. So, we're going to kind we're going to try and redo it in like a better way. Uh, and we're going to do all sorts of stuff to try and uh combat that. Like, you know, if you hit 1% of the market share, that's still only 1%. Like, yeah. Well, I think you can hit more than that, but you just have to do it you just have to do it in the right way. Why haven't you guys just because obviously you've gotten 1% selling the outcome you're selling right now with the person you have right now. Like when do you launch just a new low ticket front-end offer targeting a different segment, different outcomes entirely? Yeah, I mean we've done that. We've done that. Not performed as well. It's just or we've done different age demos, different um different things. I think our like the things that we're going to do different this time is we're going to like double down on SMS. So post purchase to and do two-way SMS so our customer support can check in and kind of like upsell people through SMS. Um trying to reduce the refund rate and also increase that like you're just you're more focused just on the back end. It sounds well that's one thing that we're going to do. Um, another thing we're going to do is is probably double down internationally like Australia, UK, um, you know, those countries. Yeah. Why haven't you up before? We have, but I think like by double down I mean like its own funnel, its own currency, its own CRO for that country. M like we like for us like in the AC funnel um the UK we had a really low CPA but nobody took barely anyone took the upsell so the AOV was really low but the CPA was really low um same thing with Europe right so they have different cultures different they respond to different things so we're going to like do like specific CRO for that for that country would you ever like put a different face and personality on too with accent and Yeah. Yeah, we've got different faces. Um, local ones. I don't know. I hope you need to go that far, but yeah, we're going to do some more like uh whitelisted ads, so you know, getting other like creators to to film ads and we'll run like connect their pages to our Yeah. So, stuff like that. Um, but yeah, we're gonna see how far we can push it this Q4, Q1, like that's coming up now. And yeah, that's see if we could double last year. So, we'll see. That's cool. Double or triple? Yeah, probably triple knowing you, but yeah. Um, and then how is the backend physical side of the business? What lessons there? Obviously, you added in e-commerce and that side. Was it smart move? you anything you do differently like did it actually help to just add more problems because I've heard some people it's like sway their focus and like well that's a whole another beast to build it is yeah um yeah so in this relaunch like we're going to be uh introducing the supplements into the upsell path which we didn't do before it was all just backend really early email but we are going to introduce But like yeah, it's definitely is only something I I would recommend as like supplemental like and and it's not that great like e-commerce compared to info. you realize how lucky you are in info that like ecom you're just like wow this we went from selling air to selling like real things and um like inventory right it's like you got to put up a lot of cash it always takes longer like we have high quality custom products so like it always takes longer than what they quote you and so then you're putting all this cash in and then you're like waiting three 3 months until you're able to sell sell it and then it's going to take you another six or, you know, 8 months to sell it. Um, so we we're like working with our CFO and and doing like like looking at backend upgrades and we're just like we realized if we upgrade 10% of front-end buyers into the supplements, we would make less profit than if we upgraded 5% of them into like a yearly membership. M so you know and getting that 10% is really is really tough. So um right now it's like probably 2 3% of revenue. It could be a lot higher. Um but yeah, we'll see what happens when we put it into the upsell path. Yeah. Yeah. I would definitely wouldn't recommend ecom off that. I was talking to Ryan Clark. He interviewed the guy owns Breeze the THC drink. Nick uh Chef Yeah. Brez or is it Breeze the THC drink? I don't know. It's like the I think it's like a mushroom cough mushroom. Yeah. Yeah. So Nick Sha frick I messed up your name Nick. But yeah, owns that. And I asked Ryan I said what did you learn from the interview? And Ryan just texted me back. He's like do not get into ecom. Yeah. And then I know some people they love it. like one of my friends who loves it, but it's because he does a lot of organic and it's cost is not the same for acquisition. Yeah. I mean it it was good like probably probably like eight years ago you could grow a business and sell it for like a really good multiple. I think you can still somewhat do that. Yeah. You can also get into retail which I think is a huge opportunity for Yeah. Like even like Native deodorant, right? They were saying um one year Moyes posted like after he sold the business that Proctor and Gamble who took it over did $60 million in one year just from Target. So like you know Mr. Beast Mr. Beast putting in there. Yeah. Ryan uh Trey Ham with Joey Ry being in the stores now like that kind of stuff. That's that guy. Um, also your your chair is squeaking a ton when you rock. So, I'm just going to call it out now before someone in the comments is like, "Why is this squeak?" I hear this squeaking. I fidget too. Okay. Um, uh, the guy who owned Quest Nutrition, like Impact, that guy's name, they sold for like a billion dollars. like that. I mean that's one way to become a billionaire I guess. True. Yeah, it's definitely possible with the physical having and like if you have the awareness social and then you're walking to a store like oh I know that like that's oh I see that brand like like for example if freaking Crunch Labs was in a store I if I buy one I boom right there because I'm walking by I'll just grab one because it's like there's still some resistance. Oh I want to order some in line. Yeah, I'll be quick. But I'm just like it's not it's still not an impulse where it's like in the store walking by a freaking I'm already there. It's an impulse buy. Boom. It's in my car. It's like happens all the time. Yeah. One one guy that I've been watching who does really good at that is um uh freak what's his name? He owns um I think we spoke about this last time. He owns uh Mini Mini Katana. Uh yes. Yep. Yep. He's like massive organic distribution like crazy. Yeah. But then he's got this Ken Pie candy. It's like a I don't I'm gonna butcher this like anime candy or like some sort of like Japanese candy brand. Um and he talks about he shares this whole thing everything online like um super viral organic stuff and then retail only mostly distribution and he's like smashing it. But then he also shares about how how much inventory and all that stuff. Have you guys have you ever thought about going physical with anything whether it's experiential events? I was thinking a workbook. Um Oh yeah, physical book. Um getting that into like health food stores. Uh that's kind of Yeah, that's one thing that we've been we've been thinking about. Um next year, so 2026. This year was the year of the supplements. Mhm. Next year is the year of the book. Do you feel like that's a status play, too? Are you doing it partly for credibility and status? No. No. Like, you know, my partner's already got a few books. Yeah. She's going to be doing another one um where like one of the big publishers now is going to going to do it. She's going to do like a PR tour and all that. Dang. Um but I mean, we've got enough of that, you know. She's going to be on a documentary feature on a documentary on Amazon Prime this year. Geez. Yeah. So, I'll let you know how that goes. Status as well. So, we got to get our AC funnel cranked. Get the links up. There be goo, bro. Yeah. That'd be like what's his name? The guy did the sells olive oil. He sells olive oil. Yeah. Yeah. I think they got to like a million customers in like probably the first few months. Crazy. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That distribution's be sick. That's awesome. Yeah. I I always look I'm such a positioning like status like how do you like signal status? So I think about it that way but out the traffic. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I've been looking at that because, you know, as we as we go into this like branding phase, I want to know like how does a guy like that get so huge, you know, to Well, then why don't you get a clipping? Because that's how I heard about him is like his clipping is like viral just he'd be saying the most outlandish things kind of. So, he's kind of like the Andrew Tate of Health where it's like, bro, this guy he's very controversial, but I mean obviously I don't think you're he does some weird stuff, but like also Andrew Huberman, right? Yeah, true. Another one I've been looking into. Do you know Barbara O'Neal? She's like an Australian naturopath. No. Somehow I think she got arrested during COVID for like in Australia for like sharing natural health. This lady? Yeah, the one on the bottom. Yeah. Oh, funny. If you look at if you search her up on on Tik Tok, it's like there's like thousands of accounts that cut her stuff up and I and then, you know, sell affiliate like lemon oil or castor oil or whatever, but like she's gotten so huge and her her clips have gotten so huge. Um, but you know, one thing I think with those people is like they give a lot of weight. Like Andrew Huberman, like how did he get so huge, right? He had these hu these really long podcasts, super in-depth. Same with Brian Johnson. Like he put a he put his whole program for free, his whole blueprint for free. Yeah. And then spent years gaining attention. Yep. PR, you know, and he has money, you know, Andrew Huberman's got a job um but yeah, these people they like they went completely free. Put something out there completely free. um and got super famous around that. Like they didn't use ads. They didn't Yeah, true. They they they did a It's an interesting model the clipping. It's a long It's like investing. It's almost like you're going into the negative for a while. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But then you drop something as long as you drop it while you still have the peak attention. Yeah. And it's like get your own Netflix documentary, turn it into a VSSL, sell your ecom stuff for like you're kind of set. Yeah, it's like the Mosy play too. Like lot I mean he obviously had business and money to go negative but free free free and I have nothing to sell you now. It's like I do have something to sell you workshops and I have a book launch and then it's like well give me half your business or Yeah. Yeah. It's to get into companies cheap and I'll you know scale it up you know. Yeah. So definitely longer which that's like the like info. Yeah, that's like the next level like is that brand in that that attention equity. But yeah, it's interesting going from paid direct response to brand that way. But to get to the levels you're trying to get to, I feel like you have to because well have to not really but I mean if you're rising CPAs and if the math just doesn't make sense there it's always like I see brands new mediums new platforms like switching it up. But like freaking I always think about like health offers like Weight Watchers like they took the celebrity path. Yep. That's a big one. Yeah, that'd be sick. Celebrity cast is a big one. Instagram shout outs. You see the Sydney Sweeney style ad for your thing? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Figure that out. That's That's 2027. Yeah. Yeah. The Sydney Sweeney. Yeah. Figure that one out. That's I was thinking the guy Well, the Yeah, the guy from that that CEO who got caught at Coldplay. Yes. Seeing if we can get him on his do doing some fitness classes. Just be like, "Yeah, man. If only my wife had done your workout program, I probably wouldn't have cheated on her." Exactly. Oh, that's so bad. Why would you say that, Josh? I know. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Um, but yeah, so that's the update. We're, you know, we're going to go be going back um try and get everything. We're trying to, you know, approach it like do everything right. Yeah. What uh what does a team look like right now? Org chart. Yeah. So um there's me, my partner, we've got a CFO. Um and then on the marketing side, we've got creative strategist, copywriter, video editor. We're hiring another video editor. We've got a VA. I'm doing the media buying again. So we of our agencies grows back in the trenches. Yeah, we've got a um a Google an agency doing our Google YouTube stuff. Um Oh, I just brought a Rei for uh No way. She's back. I I haven't talked to him in forever. Yeah, for like platform manager, designer, developer. Nice. Making everything all the stuff work. Pretty or tech? Everything? Everything. Design and Is that the role you you're talking you were trying to hire for? Yeah. Yeah. Oh, heck yeah. She got really into like automations and Yeah, she always seemed like she'd be good at that. Yeah. So, she's doing the tech and design. Um, we got a community manager who manages the the engagement and stuff of the membership. Um, I don't want to forget anyone. Uh, customer support team, huge. How many people are on that team now? Well, 11. So, we were at 12 and then one of them became the VA on the marketing. Hm. Yeah. Yeah. VM marketing. What do you mean? Like what do they do? Like a marketing VA. So like managing the scripts, the editing process, um third party creators, people who make ads for us, basically doing all the admin work. So it's like project manager, micromanaging, making sure the like going flowing like Yeah. deliver the solution, get the get the video files, get them to the editors. Yeah. Okay. They get edited, pass them over to the media buyer. Um all of the admin tasks that we need. What were at your peak? What were you spending a month in ads? Probably like just under a million USD. Yeah. How many How many new creatives were you testing a day? Not a lot. How many? Uh about nine per week. Wow. Yeah. Why? Any What's your why? You just chat. You just like you don't like So I was talking to guy health offer big one. Low ticket, high ticket, and they're doing like 20 a day. Yeah. Yeah. That's what a lot of people That's what a lot of people say, you know, more volume. But when we did put up more volume, uh it didn't improve our results at all. What did it what changed? Quality. Did quality change at all? Ascension? Like what metric made you not want to do it? We just putting out so many ads and getting the same results. So So you're like frick, we could just put out nine a week. Yeah. Save money on editors and freaking Yeah. Like we like just looking at the history of the business. Uh we always like we'll try something new like this. Everyone says you got to do crazy volume and if it does it it doesn't work we go back to what has worked for us you know all the you look at all the breakthrough months that we had and it was like what worked for us really creative hooks like we we we had one one main well let's say like two or three main VSSL bodies that we ran as the ad you know between five and 15 minutes long and then we come up with new leads that are like anywhere between like 1 and 3 minutes and then, you know, new hooks for those and then new ad copy. And so that at what what broke us through like helped us double the previous months was just a better lead. Like saying things in a new way. Yeah. Yeah. That's like not iterate. Like you can iterate, might squeeze a little bit more life out of something, but then you have to be creative to get those big the big jumps. What helped the creative process to come up with creative hooks? Like what just off the dome time AI? Yeah. Formats like what the f like Yeah. Yeah. I'll I'll tell you about some of the biggest ones that we had. So, um, let me think. The first one, like the top performer of all time, two of them. Okay. We're just like one of them we just noticed like show an exercise and then have a headline of the outcome and people just want a like a solution. So, they'd see that like, "Oh, that's interesting." And then they'd watch the whole thing. It was like a 3se secondond clip of like a weird exercise, you know. Um, you know, my we realized my partner anytime she put her butt in the ad, like like showed her butt, like not her actual butt, but like you know, she got muscle leggings and they like show her like a zoom in of her butt, people would watch, you know. Um, another one was like a diagnostic lead, like you know, here's five signs that you have this problem and what you can do about it. Oh, yeah. Diagnostic. Um, another one I got on Twitter with the idea, this guy Jose Torres, which is a ecom dude, uh, he just posted, "Try negative hooks, you know, like say why you shouldn't use your product and then say all the benefits." Yeah. You know, uh, so that one was a control for a while. And then another one came from Allan in his selling to women calls. Yep. that like women love the National Inquirer newspaper. They love gossip. They want no offense women, but they want to know what other women eating. Yeah. So, we made a lead. I'm not going to share it, but like it was like, why do these women always get this get this results and everyone else doesn't? And uh that's good. That was a control for a while. Yeah. So yeah, the diagnostic one uh was a big one like why these people Yeah. like what is this problem and and what can you do about it? You know, five signs you have this. That's really cool. That's uh for our health offer. We're on the since he has a lot of organic already with like millions of views on Instagram and most of his hooks are like him doing a work like a stretch or a workout like arrows pointing out like kind of explaining like highlighting a zone where it's targeting and then kind of carries the rest. And so those our ads have those like what we're getting purchases from are those for sure. Yeah. You got to look at the market sophistication, right? And yeah, one one I don't know if you know Move You or Moves you. He's like a chiropractor on he's like one of the most probably the most famous chiropractors on YouTube Instagram. You should check him out. He like paints anatomy on models. So he's like paint the muscles of the butt and then which like you know you got sciatica down here. Um here's you know here's what you need to do. What was his name? Uh I think it's moves you. like Moves University. Yeah. Um they, you know, really big um uh organic and their hooks are their visuals are crazy. Uh uh let me see if that's it. Move you. M O V U like here. Look at this. Oh yeah. You see those anatomy stuff? Yeah. Funny from Yeah. It's so like you just pull you to like click on and be like, "What the heck is this?" Yeah. This one. Um Yeah. Like they do a lot of the abs like drawing the abs, you know, painting. Oh, he's talking over that. Well, this one is kind of like I think a behind the scenes, but usually like you'll see the anatomy and then he's like teaching like yours. Yep. Um, and a lot of those little meme clips, but Yep. Yeah. You can see the uh Dang, that's super creative. Ours we like just postprouction edit an overlay. Yeah. Of the anatomy. But that's I like because it's like kind of like whoa whoa. That's a very kind of good drawing too. You're like it's kind of like whoa. It's a visual look. But you know when I think about back pain it's like you know the stages of awareness it's like if people have back pain they know they have back pain you know they know it they're not like I'm under it's not like other health you have back pain you know uh your back it could be a diagnosis of something that they don't know that they have you know like five pains you or like five signs you have um uh something some unique mechanism, right? That no like everyone thinks they have a slip disc, but maybe it's a Yeah. used disc like you know or something like that. Yeah. Yeah. 100%. Like and the nice thing is like you said diagnosing it, they already have it and so it's not like these other health offers where it's like you have to help them agree they have a problem. Yeah. By the solutions you need you need a unique mechanism, right? Mhm. And then you need to like lead mostly lead with that I think. Um like good hook you know you know this back pain is caused by you know your your ankles is a big one. Feet. Yeah. Yeah. Most people try to treat the back but it's not actually starts in your feet. Yeah. Yeah. A lot of chiropractors are big on feet. So Oh yeah. Which honestly I believe like even me too. It's like that's why people sell you those freaking shoes. I went to a store to get like shoes and they're like do you have back pain? I'm like, "Yeah, I kind of do." They're like, "Oh, yeah. It's cuz your feet are unbalanced. That's why you need these soles because it's going to level you out and then you're not like walking." And then I'm like, then I asked them. I was like, "Well, what what's your argument against barefoot shoes?" Because they told me that that was my back pain. Then the guys were like, they didn't really know what to say. They had that kind of an argument. I was like, "Yeah, it's a perfect example, right?" Um, yeah. I I had this guy here at the gym I go to, he did a workshop and it was like the weirdest neurological exercises. It was like one of them with the ankle was like, you know, take your foot, put it on the floor, and go like this like 10 times. Y and then it's going to signal to your brain like you know where the floor is and you you're safe. And then the rest of your muscles, your back will relax. So like try this. See if your back relaxes. If it does, that's a sign that like you know uh you you need ankle stability to fix your back. And you know, you see the mechanism, right? And what was it? Oh, wait. No, shoot. I remember uh to push toothpaste back in the day. They said like if your tongue has white or whatever, if you have white stuff on your tongue, it's a sign of like bacteria or like something. I remember like these ads like uh Colgate even now they run certain things like if you notice this on your teeth, it could be a sign you have this here's the solution and you're kind of and people like feel oh do you feel that stuff on your teeth? Oh, you have. And then that's what made her want to start brushing her teeth more because they were like self diagnose something that's like tangible. Yeah. Yeah. You got to create the problem. There's another one. There's like a really apparently like a really famous back back pain book that talks about how it's all stored anger. If you have back pain, it's an emotional thing. Go freak. It's got like crazy amounts of of positive uh testimonials, you know. Yeah. You see those people that like do screaming retreats? They like go and like yell. Yeah. That helps some people. I don't know. Think about it, right? You're uptight. Yeah. Your your butt your your your back. It's coming up with an argument. They're closely related. It's true. It's I remember my I go to a corrective chiropractor here in Minnesota and he x-rays you and shows you but he'll like he has a great argument for like getting people like to stay in where he talks about like the medical system they take you through like they like you m maintenance or if you don't maintain then there's like a a crisis or problem. Yeah. NPC maintain you have to if you don't maintain then there becomes a uh problem and it's like oh oh now my back my knees are kind of hurting then eventually there's a crisis where like now you need to get like a shot or whatever it's like fix your tenonitis and then like the health system they do that where it's like don't maintain then there's a a problem a crisis they give you a shot but then you don't maintain so you keep looping that's how they make money off you and he's like we focus on keeping you in the maintenance and so now you're like freak I need stay and keep paying because you need to maintain it. And I'm like, "Freak, dude." I like I told him this is the best pitch ever. And he's he's not even trying to pitch. He's just he actually believes it. But he's like the MPC framework like the what the medical system's not telling you about like yo and then you kind of see it and it's like he uses example of a car. He's like if you don't maintain your car and you don't change your oil then there will be a problem and then this and then also there's a crisis and it explodes. now it's even more expensive to fix and and then you're like okay I've been hearing kids talking about NPC and I figured that's NPC is non play character or whatever right I don't even know yeah explain it to me like I like I'm a dad you need to know you don't know what NPC is you actually don't know right it's about back pain you're walking around walking around like a freaking non Yeah. main character, bro. Yeah, dude. You're definitely not a main character if you're back fans. If you have back pain, it's a sign you're not a main character and you need to buy this. All right. All right. That makes sense. I get it now. You don't want your kids to think you're NPC, so you better buy. You can't play with your kids. You're just out here w you can't join jump on a trampoline with them. You can't can't take him golfing anymore. You're not the main character in your son's life. Okay. Okay. I see. So, you need to buy this. Got it. Yeah. Got it. There's There's the selling. There's the argument. There was an offer like that. A quiz funnel like signs that your son doesn't respect you anymore or something. Yeah. Ouch. Dude, you take the quiz and of course these dark lord schemers always engineer it. So, of course, your son doesn't respect you no matter what you say. Well, you know, I can do a backflip. So, uh, that's pretty that's pretty sick. Kid flip. So, that's I always have to stay one step ahead of your kid. Yeah. Yeah, that's true. Compete with your kid. Yeah, compete. You want to hear Okay. I have an I want to hear a new offer. I think you think is sick. Okay. How to back. That one actually is good. I've seen that. I've seen it, too. Yeah. Yeah. Because it's status. It's like a party trick. It's like it's kind of like how to play a guitar a little bit, too. Like you want to play a party, show people, impress a girl. Exactly. How to dunk. What were you gonna tell me? Yeah. So, this offer, I'm kind of leaking it. Someone I don't think anyone's going to do it because they don't have as good of a stories I could add to it, but we'll see. I share so many offers, nobody does it. They just watch this. They just think it's cool. They're like, "Oh, they're going to go tell someone else and tell someone else. I heard this crazy offer." No one's going to do it. If someone does it, great. Because normally no one does this. this like I had this offer pocket CMO where it's kind of like what Brandon does send feedback go do I was like so ad buyers sell this like big companies they just want pocket the CMO in your pocket someone finally did it in Denmark like $300 a month six like got like 60 plus clients first month and then I just did it I do for low ticket CMO so I have low ticket pocket CMO and crush it so I'm like no one does it so let's see if someone does this one okay but have you in Canada do you have code ninja franch franchises by you? No. Look up code ninjas. So code ninjas very popular here in the states and it started when the big boom of like coding being the superructure for your kids like a career. So it's a career opportunity but it's for your kids. So you send these kids to learn how to code and it's a franchise model and there's tons of them here. But the thing is coding is no longer that high in demand of a skill because AI. Yeah. So my thought is AI version of code ninjas for kids. So certification certifying kids in AI skills and you sell the parents like you don't want your kids to get left behind and like they're they're you don't want your kids to be replaced and like AI and then you use superructure how much Mark is paying Mark Zuckerberg is paying AI people. It's like 300 what are 300 million signing bonus and you use that as superstructure. Look how much these big tech companies are paying AI specialists versus coding now. And then you essentially self-certification programs the kids learning how to use AI basic skills, right? Just get them down. There's levels to it. And then you have like tiers. So you have white belt, black belt, right? So it's like belt, like your expertise in AI. And so it's like there's a catalog of tiers that you graduate through. Yeah. I would do it online. It's a terrible offer. No, it's a great offer. Anyone listening this should not absolutely not do that. Uh in fact, like they should do the opposite. M yeah. So, first of all, how old are you, Josh? 23. And how many kids do you have? Okay. Zero. Okay. So, listen, if someone did the offer, people would probably buy it, first of all, but it's stupid. So, that's that's the problem with it. It's just dumb. Like, teach your kids how to not think for themselves. Send them to this workshop. Teach your kids to be lazy and become a black belt lazy lazy person. How is it lazy though? Because it's lazy. But it's a Here's the thing. It's like there's fear. It's you're it's like FOMO. Your kids like same with coding. It would probably sell. This is what I'm saying. It would probably sell. But you think it would be wouldn't be actually helping them. It would be bad for kids. I think AI is I think AI is for is shouldn't be taught to kids at all. But it teaches You want to get into philosophy now? Like life philosophy. I think I think AI like is the next step in like taking away people's individual thoughts. But AI without a human's input to arbitrage is worthless. Like you still have to be creative to learn to connect pieces and like for sure. But like I think people have been getting less and less creative over time. Yeah, I would agree with that. Because of technology and especially because of the internet and Google and now you take it a step further with AI where you have to just you're only because it only relies on inputs and more people rely on this thing that relies on inputs and there's no new things being created because people are so lazy that they just go and use this thing for everything. I don't think I think it's bad for people. I like that. I I would agree with part I would partly agree with the argument like like as a parent I see like how the damage it could do maybe but I guess it depends on what you're teaching the back end to do because if you're still teaching how to be creative and how to use AI to come up with creative things and get into businesses or skills where there's still the need to think for yourself fine but if you're teaching them how to like I don't know not actually apply it in a good field that could be an issue. Yeah, I think you should do uh the I have a second one. I have a second one. All right. Low tech entrepreneur kid. Um I got a kid here, right? Like a he's not my kid, but a kid I know makes three grand a month selling crochet animals that he crochets himself. But I also I know this kid here who used AI and he product developed a physical ecom product like it was a shoe brand and is doing I think last year did like two or three million and he's used but like a he leveraged AI to get past like be able to product develop launch a store and everything. So he applied AI to So I feel like my thought is for example, what if you teach them like kids how to vibe code their first like Google extension and learn how to market it and sell it. Kids, I think maybe teenagers. Teenagers, sorry. When I think kids, I'm thinking like kids, I'm I'm not like you have to be a teenager. Like you can't be teaching like a 5-year-old. Now here's my other here's my other parenting off for parents and I want you're a parent. So let me know about this one. Okay, so first one got a zero. Let's see this next one. It would probably sell, but like personally I just think it's not good. Yeah, the product the actual product. So good offer it would sell product. It would lead probably sell a lot but like I'm anytime I get a chance I need to I need to knock it down because I I just think that I I don't think AI is good for Yeah, that's fair. As a parent as a fair perspective. All right, here's my other one. So growing up, my mom homeschooled us, but she never called it homeschooling. She called it unschooling, which comes from some book. Yeah. Yeah. So, I bought a domain. I own multiple, but I have like unschooled.com and.org where it's spelled with a K. So, it's unschooled.org.com. I also have unschooled like spelled the right way. But essentially, it's just a catalog of offers teaching kids real life skills. So, it's like the angles, here's everything you don't get taught in real school. The taxes like all parents, oh, the kids don't teach real life skills and the arguments like the Rockefellers made school to teach good factory workers. Here's how you teach them this. And it's a membership all around unschooling your kids. And it becomes a a movement where it's like, you know, I'm a funnel hacker. It's like, no, I'm unschooled because I go tell people this identity of like, I'm unschooled. My mom unschooled me. Yeah. Um, okay. I can't share the specifics, but I I worked before I'm I worked on the project I'm on now, I worked on just on something that's exactly that. Really? Yeah. as government. It's it it was built by this team that's government funded here. We we could not get it to work. It was exactly what you're saying. Like, you know, the ads were like kids, you know, uh the number one thing kids say about schools, they never learned anything useful. So, here's all these workshops that are useful about taxes, about starting a business, about uh all sorts of different things. And it was like just dead in the water. We just couldn't get it to go. H Yeah, I think parents are like super busy. Um that's true. It's like it was it was it was the opposite of that because it was like put your kid on this on the screen for 45minute workshop live where there's these certified teachers teaching these things. Yeah. Um and we there was even a coding there was a coding one. It was like the you the coding one was called Yumi Academy. Um basically taught coding I guess because if you're comparing it you're competing against drop putting your kid at a bus stop they get fed. They get taught they come home and they have likelihood of probably getting a job. Like I guess it's hard to compete against the simplicity of that if you're a busy parent. Like getting your kid to sit in front of a screen and then hold them accountable. Yeah. That's the thing about parenting is like and raising kids like I think I think this unschooling thing is um I think that that's the best way to raise a kid is that the parent should be the teacher parent should have a business that the teacher that the kid works in grows into and and then eventually works in and is raised by their parents. Why don't you sell that then? Sell the parents of starting a business that their kid can grow into and how to parent your kids while they do the business. Isn't Isn't that a thing? Didn't we talk about something like that? I don't know if we I don't know. I heard someone do that where Oh, no. I consulted someone that was trying to do that where it's like how to launch a like a business with your family and you watch the videos together and there's like assignments and Yeah. Yeah. I think you know I think um I think there's a lot of barriers to that right now and mainly is the cost of living for people is like people are just like well I have to make a lot of I have to make a good enough amount of money. I can't take the risk. True. And the other thing is that like maybe I don't know if your mom got this, but like dealing with kids is takes so much willpower. Oh my gosh. Patience. And it's like you have to like be a Jedi to like not lose your cool with kids, dude. Um that's true. But at the same time, I think like I like it's really really really really hard, but I think it's really really really important and beneficial. Yeah. And not like for me, I'm like I don't want my kid to be on the computer or my kids. I don't want them to be on the computer. Even if they're building a B, would what if your kid came to dad, I want to build an online business? No, he said it's like do as I say, not as I do type thing. Yeah, that's fair. Yeah, it's the same as if I worked in a coal mine. I would say no, go do like my kid has my kid has business, right? We have blackberry invasive blackberries behind our house. He picks the blackberries and goes and sells them in the town and he makes like in in half an hour of work he can make like 20 bucks. It's pretty good. My thought I kind of agree with that cuz I told my wife before we got married and because I want to make sure she's in line like my end goal is I want an apple orchard because I my first job was an apple orchard before I did online. That's where I learned all my work ethic and everything. 11 years old, getting paid cash, working nine hours a day, $725 an hour and just grinding. And I was like, I want an apple orchard and I'm gonna raise my kids on the apple orchard and teach them. We're going to take care of the apple orchard together and that's we're going to make money in the fall. You work all year long and the payoff only comes for three weeks, four weeks in the fall. And if there's a frost comes, everything gets wiped away and you have to learn how to Right. So like I guess I agree with you on that. Like I think that's the best way. What? I think that's the best way to teach them. Like I want kids I think kids should learn about life first. Yeah. And then these computer things because I think I think I think the internet's powerful. It can it can you can impact more than just your your local community with it, which is good. But um yeah, I think um yeah, I think that that's the way to go is like teaching them about life, especially food. It's like you need it to survive and things are so convenient right now. Like go to the oh you food comes from the store. You just go there and it's like well that crop was planned 18 months ago. The seeds were saved, saved over, planted, grown. if you have a frost or if you have So, you're telling me we got to do a gardening offer this game? I work on a gardening offer, actually. Yeah. How to become a garden consultant for a little bit. And you know what? She does really well. Um, she does really well. Um, but yeah, I don't know. I think um yeah, I like that take. I like that take. Um, but it's like the hardest cell. It's the hardest cell. pressure on parents. I think I think a lot of parents want to do what you're talking about. Yeah. Yeah. There's a lot of limitations like well I live in an apartment. I can't afford to buy an orchard and that's a big risk. And what you know what if we do and then we get a frost or we get you know Yeah, that's true. That's true. And like um when I can just work, you know. Yeah. What are you down to talk about your n like your future projects you might someday do? Like have you ever thought about doing future offers outside what you're doing? Are you working on me right now? Yeah. Yeah. So yeah, this one I'm I'm not as involved right now, but I'm planning a longer term play slower ramp up. Yeah. Yeah. But yeah, it's a parenting offer. what how but okay but even with that so the limitations [Music] with like getting parents actually use like if you're going to teach them like I see stuff I sent you one the other day I saw an affiliate store it's like calm your baby or scream I don't know something like that but it's like parents buying stuff like that and then actually consuming there's so many parenting books so many ideas on Instagram like I was I talked to moms and like a lot of friends all all my friends right now have babies and they're saying how Like every Instagram reel someone has a different idea and like you should do it this way, you should do it this way. So how do you think one combats that or how do you like get them actually use it and consume them so they actually want to apply it? I feel like that's something I always struggled with thinking about parenting offers. Yeah. I mean it's it's the same as back pain. Um it's saturated. There's like thousands of solutions. Everywhere you look there's a solution. So how do you compete in a saturated market? Right. best argument wins. You need a unique something unique and that makes sense. Um I think there's a lot of really young experts in a lot of fields who don't have a lot of life experience. Um and I think you with this like with the guy I'm I'm working with uh you know he's been a counselor for 35 years, 40 years like he's got a lot of experience. Yeah. Um and his his approach is very counter intuitive or uncommon really. Yeah. Um so yeah, and it just you got to find ways to resonate that are like and stand out and unique. Yeah. Would you agree with the philosophy or my hypothesis that the best argument like may the best argument win or do you think it's may the best product win or does the best product make the best argument? Um, I don't think the best argument wins. Um, I don't think the best product wins. Um, I think yeah, what I think what wins is um a big part of its economics. Really? I would expect you may say love or something more woo woo like may the person who loves it the most win but economics sure no I think um I know a lot of people who are very clever people who are winner who just win because they're clever. Um so I don't think it's just economics. I think it's you got to get like a bunch you got to get I think like a handful of things right. Yeah. But like what do you think? Like if you could only compete on one thing to try to beat your competition, would you say economics? No. What would you pick? It It's not one thing. It's like if you had to If you had to, you don't like it. It It's like you just have to get super general like okay, you want the one thing, the person who's best at everything. Um I would say like it's not the best argument though. Like the best argument doesn't doesn't win. Um like for me I would generalize it. I would say that whoever is better known the what I would say whoever's better known wins. If I had to die on one hill I would try to become the most known person in a space. Yeah. Then how do you do that? Well that's what I'm saying. The best becoming better known. Like if I had to compete I'm just saying like in one area like that's how I generalize it. Yeah. No, I would say there's like like just make a list of requirements is probably the the best way to do it is to make a list. And fair I think economics is a big one. Um ecology is a new word I'm using. I learned from uh I'm getting it from NLP. But um the does the ecosystem is are you able to fit into the ecosystem which means uh is there big enough TAM in that TAM is there a big enough desire and out of the solutions that you have that exist in the market like you're talking about every every freaking reel is a different tip you know how do you stand out from that uh um and then if you do all those things right but you don't have the economics right everything breaks, which I've just learned in the last few months of building the AC funnel. So, you got to get the economics to work. So, yeah, it's it's a chain it's a chain link and um you got to you got to get a certain amount of things pretty right. Um yeah, are you good at managing people, team culture? Like how much that is is there even like a miss? Like I don't know. I'm just not a big like rah raw team. Here's our mission. Blah. I'm just like, hey, you're really good at what you do. Just do it and you're gonna get status from it and you're gonna get credibility because I think I'm motivated by that like getting wins and just doing good work. And so when it comes to team, I'm like I do not like the idea like we have this team meetings and let's I'm like just do what you're good at as the best you can and let's measure it and just repeat it. But like for you and your are you the CEO type like team c like what like what like what the freak do you do people management wise culture setting with your team in a director response company? Yeah. Um so your question am I a good manager? No. Um I'm trying my best. Yeah. Is there such thing as a perfect manager? No. Um, I remember the um when I worked at Shopify, the the CEO would say is the the best book on Are you there? Yeah. Yeah, I'm just plugging on my laptop. I just have it on you right now so you can talk. Okay. Um the he he said the best business book that exists is um I don't remember. Leave it. What's this guy's name? uh open loop the guy at IB okay let me see it was the IBM what is it called uh high output management um uh by Andy Grove so he was like this guy was like the best manager ever and he's like there's no such thing as as the perfect manager said maybe somewhere deep within Microsoft you might find the best manager but Um, it's like it's a completely new skill. Um, I wouldn't say I'm good at it. I'd say, uh, I'd say, but I'd say it's like culture is important, I think. Uh, and having the right people, uh, and getting them all aligned cuz yeah, eventually you hit your like limit of what you can do. Uh, so you have to scale what you can do and the like other people's time is a really big leverage point. So I think finding the right people, setting the right expectations is your culture like hey we're high achievers we care about output we no we care about impact we care about these things and then keeping everyone accountable with metrics and um having regular check-ins I think is important. Yeah. How how often are you communicating with your team via calls checkin? Like what does that look like? Yeah, at least once a week. uh one to like uh team team meetings, but I think two to three uh is more realistic. Just having everyone on the same page. We have got one person right now, our copywriters in a different time zone, and it actually makes it really tough to be on the same the the same page. Yeah. Um so yeah, I think you need to have alarm bells. Like anytime things start to head in the wrong direction, there needs to be an alarm bell and and everyone needs to focus in and say, "Okay, what some something's not going in the right direction or or something is going in the right direction. How do we continue or do more of that?" Who has the final say in your org chart? Me mostly. Um, when do you let someone I do send things back to people like just say, "Hey, whatever you think is best." I've gotten to a point where I don't have to review copy now. Um, and I let people like Yeah. So, I always wondered the thing I had to get been trying to practice is letting go, but also quality control because it's my job to quality control. Yeah. but also trusting like letting you know I don't want to also it becomes like I'm disabling my team because they're always like well Josh is going to change it anyways so I can't myself you know I think in in my experience hiring people like there's clear people who are really really good at what they do and there's clearly other people who aren't at the top of their game I think management is probably a lot like sports you You got to build the right team and you got to find those um outlier people. Um but then you also have to like most people won't care about your business as much as you will and they won't have a similar intensity as you, you know, cuz why would they? It's not their business, it's your business. So, uh, even with Mark, you know, I had a I had a chat with him like last week and he was saying, uh, he micromanages his media buyer, you know, and they had like five days, they had like a fiveday, uh, decline in rorowaz, you know, and he's like, "Okay, I want you to to give me like end of day reports every day." Mark I think is like I learned so much from that dude about managing and Mark uh from Mark builds brands on YouTube or Mike Mark Stodder I think his last name right or stud stud shirtless dude he's a shirtless dude talks to ecom yeah he's he's a good manager and I learn a lot of stuff from him but he's like he's very ruthless about finding the best people and so when he hires anyone he hires two people for the same position they compete for the first month and whoever wins stays and that if they're both really good, they both they both stay. But it's like he he, you know, and he's he's just like um Oh, yeah. That's that's that's that's one example, you know, he's just like fire they say hire slow, fire fast. Um because you you need to find you need to find the right people. But I think it's about having the right people and then there has to be checks and balances, you know, and like clear are we doing a good job or not? And if not, yeah, have to go off. Yeah. So, I don't think I'm good at it, but I'm doing it. Yeah. No, I don't I don't I like one dude I was at this event in Dallas and I told him I was like he's like, "What's up from scale?" I'm like, "Oh, it's me." like I'm the only operator in our publishing team. I'm doing everything other than like design. And he's like, "Why don't you hire?" And I was like, "Well, I don't like managing people. I'm a bad manager." And he's like, "You're not." He's They changed my perspective. He's like, "Well, instead of looking as managing, think about as leading people to outcomes." And then I was like, "Oh, okay." So then I was like, "Okay, my outcomes, I wanted this." And now it's like how can I do a good job at like leading people and checking quality controlling so that we're getting to this point and just setting casting vision. And I like that perspective. Yeah. And I was like okay to lead outcomes I need to know the outcomes we want. So then to become a better manager leader I just need to know my KPIs, my numbers, the math. And so I think this year has been the year of the numbers where I'm like trying to get good at math. Yeah. Yeah. I think daily reporting, weekly reporting, monthly reporting is all really important and having like owners of the KPIs. Um Mhm. I think all that stuff's important. I still don't have it fully done, but I also think the other thing is like culture like sorry the person, the personality over the skills. M um having the right person and then kind of pairing them with like a mentor or um yeah like I put my creative strategist into Ben Balen's like he's got a copy thing going on right now teaching copy things like that I think um yeah when you have the right person like they can figure stuff out but then you feed them like some quality training um and uh Yeah, that's a um who's the next person you need to hire [Applause] or not need to but would be nice to or you think is the next problem probably media buyer you know to take because I'm doing the media buying right now. How much time does one at this scale spend media buying? I talk to some media buyers. I'm like, "Your job seems very nice." Like, they kind of go in there, they slap new creatives in their testing CBR or campaign. Yeah. They check back the next day. They move them to the scaling campaign. They dup like Yeah. How much time do you spend spending, you know, a million a month on ads? [Music] When we're at like the peak, probably like I don't know, six hours a week doing it. Yeah. And that's like I mean there's the manual labor of like uploading, turning things up, turning things down, killing things. Uh weekly like reporting twice a week usually like Monday and Thursday being like Yeah. Uh how do things, you know, how the last few tests go? How did the next go? Should media do you think media buyers today are overpaid or underpaid for their skill set? Good media buyers. Um, if they're good, they like a good media buyer would be similar to like what I mentioned with Brandon. They should they should know more about media more than just media buying. So like here's why this creative is not working. Here's other examples of creatives that like we're not testing, but we should. So they should have the creative strategy like be in the spy tools all the time and say, "Hey, I've noticed that these styles are scaling. can you make some more of that? Um, so a person like that, you know, they they would talk about the funnel, they talk about the economics, like, hey, the upsell rate went down the last few days. Um, why is that? So, those people, I mean, are pretty valuable. Um, but then just like, you know, people are just like pushing buttons. uh you know a good media buyer. That's those are some of the signals that be good. They're creative. Hey, these ideas this format, what if we tried this? You know, a lot of them. Yeah. Funnels, yo, all that creatives. Um and then but that's I mean that I think that should be the operator's job till they get to like probably 100k a month plus. Yeah. I think any a lot of people can get there with relatively Yeah. You have to be sophisticated to get there. Yeah. So, you still a Chad marketer? Chad? Yeah. You still a Chad marketer? Um, let me see. Like your ads like going this this going Q4 with your low ticket again? You still ripping just CBO? Um, man. Yeah. Yeah. What works what's working for us is like one [ __ ] creative testing and then a CBO scaling and that's it. So your [ __ ] what's a very like when you're doing [ __ ] what do you like to isolate? New concept, new concept to keep it easy like 32 if you're like for for us like Yeah. three three like a video with three hooks. Mhm. Two ad copy like two primary text, two headlines and just that's new concepts. Um, yeah, if we're doing like we got a a VSSL that's scaling, you know, again, it's just like there's no rule, which is the way I guess the way of Chad. Like if we got a a VSSL that's scaling and I come up with like three really good leads, I'm just going to chuck them in a scaling campaign and see what happens, you know? See what happens. Yeah. when when when when me and when me and when Brandon was with us working with us um we called the Slack channel that we work in [ __ ] around and find out. Uh so you know it became a bit of a thing for us like you know do you think this will work? Do you think this will work? Well, there's one way to find out. And that's kind of that's kind of the way of the that that I approach the media buying too is like try it. You know, so far for me what worked is like simple [ __ ] and then scaling campaign. No retargeting, no nothing. Broad just ripping it in there. Broad. I mean, when I duplicate ads, sometimes I leave the word copy in there like it out. thing. It's so messy. I think I'd die if I saw I'd be like, "Bro, default conversions dash, you know." Yeah. Um I need I need good naming. I just crash out. I'm like, pisses me off. Yeah. But uh I don't know. Balance. Balance. You know, Chad, try out some Virgin stuff. See if it works. Vibes. I like it. Yeah. Cool. Anything else you want to talk about? What else we want? Any questions, thoughts? one of the cool offers see the market. What's like I got if you got anyone actually uh who's looking to publish someone. I got a buddy here who's fitness guy and uh he wants to get published but he's Polish and so I told him you should do Polish all of your stuff in Polish. Uh because it would be blue ocean less competitive. You'd probably be able to scale up pretty fast. Wonder how big how big is Polish market? So I think the country so he wants to do 45 plus like longevity stuff. I think the country has probably like 3 million over 50 but worldwide there's 6 and a half million people over 50 who speak Polish. That's based on Facebook. Um, so I think it could be a good like we do have a very international group of people. So I can try to vet or be English, right? It could be anyone who does it. He does the Polish stuff and you he speaks English. Yeah, that's Oh, so he's a Polish dude. He wants to do English speaking though. He's not going to speak in his native tongue. No, he's going to do I told him you should make all of your workouts in Polish. Marketing in Polish. Gotcha. You know, you can be published by someone who's English. English vibes. I got some peeps I can think of good actual dogs. I think uh actual dogs. Yeah, I think that's it for now. It's almost time for my nap. So, yo, hey, I appreciate it. This is fun. We'll uh we should do another one after Q4 after you get back to low ticket. We'll see what's changed then. And we'll Yeah, we'll see if I can hit 10 million a month. And 10 million a month. If so, I'll I'll give you a call. All right. We'll do part three. We hit 10 mil a month. Yeah. Bet. All right, dude. Thank you. Semen.


╔══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╗
║  FONTE: His Lowticket Offer Makes $50k⧸day (No Highticket) [icLZ9dJPs-o].en.txt
║  VÍDEO: His Lowticket Offer Makes $50K⧸Day (No Highticket) [Iclz9Djps O].En
║  ADICIONADO EM: 04/08/2026
╚══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╝

hey guys welcome back to another episode of the offer owner Spotlight series I'm super excited to have today's guests on because he himself is what we like to call an a publisher or an Auer publisher and what's super impressive about what he's doing is he's currently publishing one offer that is doing around $50,000 a day with cold traffic and I actually had the pleasure of being able to verify these numbers a few months ago when we hopped on a call and I got to see behind the scenes and it was truly impressive and and so today we're not going to be leaking the information on what the offer is if you guys ask we won't tell you we're going to keep it private but I convinced Doug to be here he doesn't do many of these but I convinced him to come on and just share uh what he's doing and hopefully help you guys see so much further at what's possible in this game of online marketing infom marketing and just business in general and so Doug I appreciate you being here today no worries my pleasure well one thing that I found super interesting about what you're doing with your publishing client we you know we'll call it your partner because obviously you're partnering with this person who's the face they're the expert and you're just the person behind the scenes I find it interesting because when I talked to you you weren't doing any High ticket so there's no high ticket right you don't have a high ticket back in it's not like there's group coaching it's strictly you're just doing low ticket right now correct all low ticket yeah I've never I mean I've never sold anything over over $1,000 it's crazy how does one get to $50,000 a day then with just low ticket because you hear you know a lot of times High ticket do high ticket or do 5K charge more and people think it's impossible to so how do you do that what do you think it comes down to I mean really like I we've spoken about this like I come from an e-commerce background and so doing 50k a day in e-commerce is is not that big it's not that big right like doing 200k a day in e-commerce consistently is that's a big brand but like there's a lot of companies selling 50 to $200 products that do $50,000 a day $100,000 a day and so coming from that background just being I was just had the um the experience of being like well you can do it with a physical product you could do it with a digital one right and just have to take those e-commerce principles and apply them to info um and yeah that's how you do it right and what uh what like what doesn't cross over from Ecom to info though have you noticed anything like ah like how we Market it or grow it doesn't relate like what are some differences yeah yeah the biggest difference I learned it's taking me a long time because I switched I mean I I've been I still do some e-commerce but like it took me about 5 years to realize that like when when you have an offer that has e-commerce product and an info product e-commerce is always easier to sell um than the info product because when someone buys e-commerce like if you buy a pill you just all you have to do is take a pill and it does all the work for you whereas when you buy a course or templates you're buying work so you have to you know that like I'm buying this thing and I'm going to have to do all this effort so that's one of the biggest differences that I found but there's a lot like honestly there's a lot of crossover I find in terms of uh paid ads funnel building upsells all that stuff and the last thing I'll say is just like my I'm not against High ticket I just you know there's two ways there's two ways to do it right there's the hormos like you have a really small Market but you charge lots and lots and lots of money and you can do really well that that way and then there's the opposite where you can have a really huge market and charge very little money and you know yeah yeah that's one you you personally I know we've talked but a big thing You' always get on me is like Tam like total addressable market and I like come with ideas with you and you're like n not big up what is your like I like for total addressable Market what number you looking for and how do you kind of get an idea if you're you're close to that or not yeah and like I I want to actually just want to share one thing before we we go into that one but it I remembered like before I got into this partnership that I'm in right now um I was working with some other clients like I was doing R share before um as like media buyer flash funnel Builder info products um and I went to the kajabi like headquarters they had like this this m not Mastermind uh focus group like right after they raised like 500 billion dollars they flew all their biggest people all of the biggest clients in were like or not all the biggest but like a lot of like the bigger ones just to to ask them like what could we do to make a like Enterprise you know something youd pay like $2 $3,000 a month for and when I was there you know it was they're all kind of seven figure businesses there and there's this there's this two there's these two people who kind of were like the the uh like the real life version of like the argument I have inside myself between High ticket and low ticket so one of them you know she sold a $3,000 program and the other guy had a $14 a month membership and I met them both the first day and like you know uh the the woman she was like super strong personality like Boston accent like you need to charge more you need to charge more and then this uh you know this guy I I forget his name but he's like well I don't feel like it you know and we we stay up really late and they kept going back and forth and then it turned out like at the end of the night I was like how much how much money did you make last year and how much money did you make last year and they both made almost exactly the same like I think it was like 1.8 million and I was like this is this is it like you there's there's more than one ways to skin a cat I guess is the the saying but um that was really formative for me and then another another experience that happened there too was like one of the people I met her and her husband had this offer that like was it was for sex and por addiction and they were telling me like these guys are at rock bottom and they come into the program they completely transform and that was for me like that it was I remember seeing that and coming home on the flight being like man I want to find an offer that like transforms people that like they come into it they don't have to be at rock bottom but they just have to this gets into Market into Tam like Tam is not just is not the only the most important thing but like having the right Market you know if you if you want to do low ticket and you don't want to have sales teams and like you know coaching call and then build your coaching team you have to go low ticket and in order to do that you need a big enough market but like it doesn't just need to be a big Market um one thing that I found like in my publishing criteria was like the market needs to be big enough like something that like one in 10 people would experience and it needs to be like either really uncomfortable or like a really deep deep deep desire that they have and so like the you know in that that sex and porn addiction thing you know I again it was it was super inspiring to see people transform and like an example that I use is like crying babies like you know I've got I've got two kids my youngest one's now like 14 months old she's still not really good at sleeping she wakes up like four times a night to to feed and like so when you think about this market like probably every parent with a young baby is not getting enough sleep and so if you have this like this magic product that can an info product or whatever it is that can really truly solve that problem then you've got a really big market and you've got this like transformation where it's like do what I say for seven days and you'll be sleeping through the night and your life will be changed and so those are kind of the two like the two aspects I look for in the market is like like a really deep desire sometimes it could be pain sometimes just desire and then large large enough market so that you can go low ticket the the sleeping baby sleeping offer I talked to a friend he said he buys this course like every time he has a kid and so it's like $100 it's like some sort of I don't know why you used to buy it over and over but it's like a challenge or it's oneoff but he was like re get it and go through it and I was like dang it's it's a repeat purchase times how many people have kids like that's crazy Che most info offers it's not even repeat it's like you pay for it once it's okay that's yeah yeah I mean that's another important part like if you want to have a low ticket thing that lasts years like decades you need that I think you need that repeat yeah you need to build that somehow so talking about finding this partnership and a little later I want I know before we started you talked about there's some business ideas or things that you've been crushing on or liking so we'll talk about that in a bit but going back to finding this first partnership that or this one that you're on right now how did that come about how did you negotiate the deal what the deal structure look like what were your responsibilities what were their responsibilities walk us through that I know people are G to be curious yeah yeah totally so it was I mean I've been in I've been doing marketing for quite a long time like digital marketing and um I had like good trophies like you know seven figure a year businesses ones that I'm like this was at zero and then you know here's what I did we got it to this so that was um that made it a lot easier but I had a criteria basically I wrote it down it was like large enough market with uh you know that deep deep desire um I I wanted to find an expert who had been doing this for more than 10 years uh so I didn't want to be fling someone who's new because I wanted them to like be able to make a really good product you know and if you think of like in my mind it was like think of a marriage counselor if you have someone who's been doing this for 10 15 20 years and you ask them a question like what are the five things you need to avoid they're going to be able to Rattle it off right and so that's that was one thing that was important to me like been an expert for a really long time um had a product or like a process that can create this transformation so that we can get the testimonials and you know create a really good product um and so what I did was I just wrote it down like this is my criteria this what I want um then I went looking like I went Googling um I made a spreadsheet I made a list of 10 people um reached out to all of them uh and one of them got back to me and we started working together and that's my current partnership I in terms of deal like you know yeah so the the way that I do it and the way that I do most deals is like let's do a three-month trial see if we like working with each other here's going to be the split here's if it goes well here's what I want to do after so so the way I structured it was like hey I'll I'll pay for all the advertising um the sales will pay it back and then we'll split the profits and then we'll do that for 3 months and then after that if we want to work together we do a 12- month deal profit share as well and if I hit a certain sales Target during that time it'll trigger like a five or 10 year profit share deal so I wanted it to be a long-term thing um yeah we we eventually ended up doing Equity because like I was looking at the bu I was thinking through the like the agreement and I was like you know what how could I get screwed over in this and I figured if I have a profit share and my business partner owns 100% of the shares in the company and then sells the company that could that could screw me over so I didn't we did an equity deal and I kind of pitched the idea of like being able to sell the company so we did that um which has been great and that's basically how I set it up that's awesome when it comes to selling the deal like how you pitched it one thing I know people think when we talk about like oh yeah you could you know exit info offers or you know some people can some can't how would you remove the Creator then or the expert from it like obviously you don't need go into Super details you don't want to but what does that look like have you kind of thought of a plan on how you're going to separate them or businesses you want to model totally yeah none of the products or domains that we have have my experts name in them um nice and so you know like you look at any business that's kind of exit like masterclass.com they've got however many experts on there you you so like if we're doing like baby you know baby sleeping care if you had like an expert who does like baby sleeping and an expert who does breastfeeding and an expert who does um toddler development and an expert who does like discipline or you know or marriage stuff post kids like you you kind of create this ecosystem that uh has really good products and then has all the same principles like an e-commerce business that makes it sellable doesn't rely on the founders doesn't take a lot of time it's growing it's not relied on a single uh uh acquisition Channel um you build a great business a really good business and growing and someone will buy it yeah that's great so um what walk us through then how you launched this product with the expert did you go to her organic audience first and then to ads I know you said in your deal structure which is different than somehow beginners would do it but you front the advertising dollar so you obviously invest almost like an angel investor it seems like from the start so yeah how was the launch how'd that go just those first three months yeah so we kind of repackaged um you know my my partner had like an online course um or like a series of of courses uh and and again like they were shot on a phone um pretty you know pretty standard stuff and um so yeah I think I said she was doing you know maybe a couple thousand a month in um uh in revenue and just couldn't break through the next level and so when I came in um the first I mean the first problem she had was she was giving stuff away for free and then trying to sell a low ticket and so I used the the AC format we re we we rename the products priced them set up the economics like front end price bump upsells down sells back like post purchase stuffff yep um and this probably you know this is for me was like a really it was it was the first few months was like a big turning point for me in my career because like what I learned was like you know I've been doing marketing for uh eight nine years media buying you know Facebook ads and grew companies to seven figures a year for multiple years same companies and the first few months in this project were like they weren't amazing I wasn't super stoked like I thought they were going to go a lot better and I was kind of humbled and I was like man why is this like so hard and so what I ended up doing was I I bought coaching um from uh so Alex ved's e-commerce scaling Secrets uh I've been following the guy for like so long and I ended up by like a stroke of luck getting his CMO as my coach Mark stter who's I don't know if you know do you know Mark I looked him up after you you referenced him before now he's got like a YouTube channel now Mark builds Brands he's uh I love that he's like putting his face out there like does all these videos no shirt he's just Jack this Jack dude like in a dark room like that's awesome yeah his thumbnails always get you're like what the heck is this kid he's awesome man he's and so he he like he is like a gangster and like he's invested in every single Mastermind that you can think of in every single everything he just eats like coaching and what what I learned over time was like you know I was hitting this I was hitting this Plateau right and we couldn't couldn't get past I think it was like $30,000 a month and I was like you know I know we can do six figures a month I know we can do multiple six figures a month and um so Mark kind of coached me through setting up the AC funnel how to do upsells how to position things and like with within a week or two of implementing what he taught me um we were like you know hitting record days uh and then it just kept going and and so that's what like that was a big realization for me that like if I never paid for the coaching I never would have figured that out and I wouldn't be where I am right now I'm completely convinced what do you think I'm curious because I I know some people like growing up in this space I would hear people use that or say that because they were trying to get me to buy their course right obviously you don't have you're not trying to sell anything so you're just saying this because you truly believe it what really was it that he did was it purely tactical stuff that helped was it opening your eyes mindset wise like what did you really what really did you take away from what that contributed to the success for me it was T it was tactical it was tactical um so he's just like just do this like so we we were pushing subscriptions and I was doing free Tri you know $1 for your first month like you know trying webinars trying all this different stuff and he's like just do the AC funnel like 20 do a $20 people don't like subscriptions do a $20 thing and then upsell here and and um it was tactical and he's like here's how to do the here's how to do the upsells and and a lot of that stuff came from Allen and a lot of those tactics are things that I know that like I know that have been around for a long time but I just didn't know and so that that's looking back on it I'm like they're 1,000% is levels levels to the game and if you're not hitting your your goals it's because there's something you don't know and there's something that other people know and like now I'm like I invest so much in in coaches Consultants whatever and it's in my opinion it's the highest Roi that can have um and those people should charge a lot of money because like they could they could tell you something like they could tell you one Zoom call could make you 100K a month yeah yep you know so true um mentorship you know like what was I saying there's levels to this game and like people like Alan it's like there's there's these Affiliates are these people who are like so creative that that yeah for me I wouldn't have found these tactics anywhere else um yeah and then for then over that time it was like the tactics were working the business was taking off and then I had to per my personality had to catch up to it like my selfworth my like the whole mindset stuff Mark didn't really help me too much with that he was just kind of like you know I think we did 5K in a day and I was like if we could do that every day like my mind would be blown and he's like okay so you did it once why can't you do it more than once and I was like I don't know why not and that was kind of the the deepest like mindset thing that we that we had but now like after him for a couple years like we we we have more talks about the like the deeper mindset stuff but uh yeah some people you know yeah I I see so on on Twitter like I'm not I don't have a profile but like yeah I follow a lot of the the directed consumer the affiliate people and so many of them trash people who sell courses uh about how to make money but like they're like oh you know why don't you sell a course blah blah blah but like in in my experience like buying people's courses sure you're going to have a bunch of stuff that's not that doesn't work but um you'll find stuff that will like really change the game for you yeah that's super interesting what do your responsibilities look like now at this level doing over 50,000 a day what does your team look like at this next level of of offer publishing yeah it's pretty pretty lean um and and for a while I think it was to still was probably too lean um but it was like me my business partner we now have a CFO who does like tax compliance and current see money stuff um we have 12 customer service people uh full-time and growing that's great I know we talked we like yeah man just just got to hire more customer support I was like that's how you know you're pushing volume I was like that I don't think I've ever with like the smaller markets I've been in where higher prices like you're customer support like the last thing usually you hire for but that's crazy like what you're doing like 12 think this year we'll probably get up to like 20 or 25 people uh full-time customer service just answering emails um and then we've got a video editor slva who kind of posts like the organic social stuff and she'll she up until a couple weeks ago would edit all the ads or I would edit the ads um and I use some contractors like REI uh built like to design the funnel before that though like when I the first year and a half I built everything I wrote everything I edited all the videos um uh but then I was like okay this funnel is so ugly like let's make it look nice and then a few months ago I hired uh two like senior marketing people to help me CU I'm like I'm doing email I'm doing cro I'm doing ads I'm doing plus I'm doing make trying to improve the product plus you know so I have a cro email Guy now is awesome uh and creative strategist nice so just focusing on the ads so it's just ads then or you say creative strategist okay just just come with the hooks how many ads are you guys testing a day right now like new variations or are you just just running the winners uh we'll probably do like 10 10 new 10 variations per week okay um most of them are like like iterations on winners and then a couple of them were trying to yeah get new yeah get new um New Concepts to work basically yeah what does your cre your partner think about the situation uh results there yeah when we when we share numbers like when I do reports like it's just like a lot of swear words like has her personality caught up with how much money she's making now like or she like what the like she's you know or is she pretty like yeah I deserve this let's go make she's awesome and like yeah so we compliment each other really well um and so yeah my um has her personality changed you know this is something I heard from like Warren Buffett say I'm a big Warren Buffett fan and he's like money doesn't make you evil doesn't make you good it just makes you more of what you are so if you're already evil if you're already good Mak more of that and so you know my my business partner she's really passionate about health you know and so she's um you know she's she's traveling quite a lot she you know yeah that's you know but I wouldn't say she's changed yeah she's changed a lot that's crazy think about when you first partnered with her she's like making a couple thousand like yeah the course sales are probably like 60 to 80k a year maybe um and now you're doing that in a day yeah yeah on good days we'll do on good days yeah six figures yeah but um in terms of like it's it's interesting to our partnership because like I've gotten to points like where where she's she's got she always opens up my mind to like even bigger like so she'll do it and then I'll do it and then she'll do it and we kind of play this back and forth G cuz when I approached her I was like hey I think we could do like $5 million a year like that's what I think we could do and she's like what what and then you know we blew past that in the first year and then uh then when we started talking about the equity deal I was like we could probably sell this for like 10 to 15 million like as an Info app product she's like what that like never crossed my mind and then and we had this joke between us like I was like Hey I want to get to like 100,000 frontend customers and she's like really like I feel like we should like shoot for a million and then that's kind of become the new goal of like the front end customers but then now it's like transitioning to like a million like subscribers or like members recurring so that's awesome yeah and then like I had the conversation hey like I think you know this quarter we could if we spoke to like Brokers we could probably sell the company for like 30 plus million dollars and like to me that's a big deal and she's like yeah but you know so like for us like there's so many more people to help which yeah she because it's like she she still enjoys it it's like might you might as well stay in it because you're going to leave and then you're going to want to come back in anyways totally you hate it burn out as well sell it maybe like anything over 100 million like will really consider and I'm like okay okay and and you know again it's like what am I going to do if I sell this right like it's yeah you're gonna go you're gonna go publish someone else probably in a giant Tam and yeah or again yeah and you know like so now it's kind of becoming like the the daily sales has become like it gets old really fast uh which everyone says but then when you start to experience it like oh yeah this wears off really fast so it becomes more of like who can you become like in this process of like building a team building a business that customers love like that becomes more motivating you know because like yeah than like daily sales like those they're cool but they wear it wears off super fast dang that's awesome yeah so talking about now the businesses that ideas things you've kind of been looking at I think it's pretty cool what are some cool things you're seeing yeah in your world that have been exciting you said you're crushing on them yeah what does that mean and what are some of these ideas okay so I've seen some offers that either are self-published or someone I mean one of them I know someone's publishing that person and it just opened my mind to like possibilities and this is for you too so like the you need to do um that I've been telling you that you need to do but like like zooming back like up until a couple months ago i' had always been um I was like like we started talking about like how big I think publishing is and it's like it already has been really big for a long time the biggest names that we know have all been published like you know there's like bernee brown is an author like uh Mark Manson that guy's got a subscription I think he says he's got like 20,000 people in his membership someone publishes him I don't know if Mark does your your guy but um yeah I he's the one that publish other people like totally yeah so he's like did did he work with um um Mike Tyson yeah he was he broker the deal he did Jake Paul FL May Mike Mike Tyson like this is the thing I think is so cool about publishing is like you have someone like Mike Tyson I think he had a podcast where he's like he's smokes weed on his podcast I think yeah I don't know pigeons yeah or something and then someone someone made a product that is an edible a weed edible it's the shape of an ear and there's like a bite missing out of it you know what I mean and it's like that is like such a good product yeah and when you look at it you're like obviously that makes obviously that crushes yes obvious you know and then so for me I think about those big those big names um um and then like the world's biggest publishing offer that I think exists is like Beats by Dre which I told you did you watch all the defiant ones yeah what is what was the show called again I watched it the defiant ones yeah defiant ones yeah so Jimmy iven published Dre came up with the idea of Beats by Dre partner with Dre and then they sold it to Apple for a billion dollars or two billion or something I'm saying it's like it's out of this it's not just info it's like Ecom Ecom is a big publishing you know that's very like a lot of YouTubers you see a lot of Publishers and they're always going the agents being like let's do this product but I was listening to like the Mr Beast interview yesterday if youen you should watch it at the Colin smear show and he's talking about how like a lot of creators get it wrong or like these companies come to them sell's Grand Vision but they don't make a good product and okay this is the perfect lead like I don't know I've never watched a Mr Beast video I find them like I don't have anything against him I just yeah no it's just Z bro I don't understand it you know stay inside a circle you got to watch Beast games though dude you got to got but but okay this is the this is my newest business Crush that I'm like got it right like got it right and I think um is okay so Mark Rober do you watch Mark Rober so I think he's publishing himself but like yeah you look at his business like you know there there's there's there's a I listened to an interview with him and these these two guys um and he talks about his story and it's like man that guy figured it out he figured it out period like he makes way less videos than Mr Beast uh so quality over quantity you know how people like post a thousand times a day he's like once a month or something he figured that out um his products are like next level like my son was sick and so we were watch we like I forgot about him and then we I put on a mark Rober thing and then he gotes the call to action in the middle of the video four minutes go you know and what he does is he like so Mark makes these super big builds right these like big Rockets or whatever and then shrinks them down sends them to you in a subscription box that you can build yourself and you each one comes with the video where you learn the engineering principle behind the build and they're super fun um and he he's built so much Mo right like those products are like I think he said it took him like two years to develop them those products like you cannot rip them off um one of them is like he has a satellite in outer space and you could take a picture of yourself from that satellite like no one you can't replicate that right and he's kind of like you're were just saying about Mr Beast is like the companies come to you and it's not the right fit and I've got a really good like there's I had a really good lesson about this in the past but like let me just finish on Mark Rober like you get these I bought it right it was like 300 bucks a onee subscription you get them every month um all these different builds comes with the video um and then in one of the boxes he puts a Golden Ticket where like if you get the Platinum ticket you get to go to his headquarters and like hang out for a day and like one time it was like he's going to pay for your college like $880,000 you win so like the products are so are so well like the congruency between his content is so perfect true um you look at it it's like next level like one of these hackpack things it's like a rocket right it shoots these little it's like those Nerf darts like a Nerf one but you could program it so like if someone turns on the TV it points at them and shoots them you know someone comes into your bedroom it points at them and shoots them so parents love it too because their kids are because it's like a sell to the parents your kids are hands on they're building stuff the cell they could maybe go into Tech may they make want to go into Tech they'll get a higher paying job video games like bro yeah so like the whole congruency between all that is so is so good um and even the way he introduces it in his videos it's like a five minute call to action and I'm like it's long dude it's so good it's just but you don't you don't skip it yeah you don't skip it yeah so what what about is that why are you crushing on that or how do you see what like that he built around the product it's it's it's it was an example for me like how to level level up the quality of your product so that no one can compete with you yep yep yeah so like the golden ticket is only one thing but like you know coming back so this is going to tie into what what what the Mr Beast guy said and yeah Mark and kind of it's an example it's like experience I had once um so like I've worked with a few big in like influencers in in my life like once was like like Kylie Jenner for about a year and a half like with her they launched five products I mean sorry five businesses and so I got to see the behind the scenes that and that was crazy wow that was absolutely crazy yeah and like putting this out there like all the people who who say that her business wasn't worth a billion dollars they got it wrong like when you know e-commerce multiples and like yeah her business smashed and the reason was she had a super engaged audience and and she with the Cosmetics created like the perfect product for that audience that super engaged audience cuz she also launched like Kendall Kylie like which is like a fashion line barely like barely did as well as the Cosmetics she launched a merch site which didn't do as well as the Cosmetics like nearly anywhere close and like the lesson here is like you know I've seen that work really really well and then I've also worked with a guy who's like a photographer who did a course and he had seven he had like 700,000 followers and you know when I was freelancing was like help me launch this course help him launch the course made like $3,000 and I'm like why why why why and it the the reason was his audience liked looking at pictures but they didn't want to learn how to take photos they just liked maybe like traveling like looking oh my gosh this a beautiful whale mountain or whatever true so product Market fit and like that's kind of I think probably what this what Mr Beast is talking about but like yeah for me you know you have to those two experiences like you have to I I think of it like a comedian you know comedian has to be able to read the room and you know like you have to know what the people want and like come up with something that's going to like make a reaction in them and like those same that same Market that same group of people a year from now is going to respond different to like right now and so you have to be able to read the room and feel like you need that how how do you do that though because I get what you're saying because I feel like in certain markets like one of the things I've developed like over time you just like hicc it's like a six sense I don't know how I could ever teach it to somebody yeah but like how do you obviously you look at forums and do it but it's like does it just come down as there's no level of research there's no level like yeah a bit of research matters but but like got be doing it research like I think Mark Rober in that there's an interview I think Samir something in Samir yeah Colin Samir same gu this he's like no survey would anyone ever come up with this idea so it it's emotional intelligence right you call it feel but it's em the reason like I say like a comedian is like emotional you have to be able to feel those things you know so research matters you have to be able to see the people and pick up on the cues and then invent or come up with be creative in a way that like you know when when when someone's talking and like someone's like yes queen or like like that person's yes there's a match like a product Market fit match and so you know I you just got to be in it like I just think you have to feel you got to be in it right like if you sell a product to people who go to the library a lot like if you go to the library and you set up a booth like what's going to make a bunch of people come to your booth and like want to give you money for your thing yeah and like you got to like throw it out there and test like pumpkin spice latte with Starbucks no focus group would a customer say I want pumpkin spice in a drink so it it it it takes these like you have to have that that that feel that intuition and then you kind of put it out there in in in a focus scam like what does this taste like like oh that tastes like fall yeah uh so it's that X Factor you know and how do you do that like on we're online so a lot we're online so do you ever just like because sometimes I'll be testing in person as much as I can like one idea I had the other day of a thing to publish I think I don't know how much Mo would be behind this yeah but I was I like there's this app called Yuka or yaka and you essentially can scan products and it'll give you a rating on like how good it is for you there there's other ones like it I'm sure there's one called like some Angie or I don't know but you scan these products and like tells you if it's good and so like yeah kind of like looks like that I'll show you the ranking right it's like green and then it'll show you like oh there additives then that you can like look at the additives and then if you click into it it shows you like the warnings like hey these things are like Lous right now what I was thinking about is my wife right now she's always trying to figure out what food won't mess up her hormones or her Psych all those things and it's like a big concern what can she what can she not what causes acne this like there's so many little things and it seems like an impossible game where you feel hopeless like that's such a big problem what if there's an app where you scan the products but it's just more towards the female market and then it's like scan it and tells you uh this product has been in lab report shows that right you're kind of like arbitraging data from other places you're really a data research company you scan it what you should doain so right it sounds like a lot lot of freaking work and but I was like I asked her I was because I was like doing trying to feel it the room I was like would you get an app like that like would that help you she like yeah and so I've just been asking like just R all the women all the time like would you ever use that and they're like 100% but then it's like they're like well how do I how can I trust the data and I get all these like cons right so I'm getting feedback but online how can we do like what are some ways that you can even do that yeah it comes I think you know I think it comes down to like mechanism so for you like you know which I think is one of the more important parts of like copy or product development like because product you make the right product it has the right mechanism then it's going to resonate and it's going to create that aha in the customer yeah then they're going to then they're going to buy so like like give them that hope right cuz you're saying your um your wife was feeling hopeless right so like say acne um you know mechan like coming up with a mechanism you have to understand the problem really well like the science in this case so you know a great way to you know and then the delivery so you have a mechanism in like the the delivery of the product so like acne um you have to create an aha so you you have to um come up with like do the research and find like here's this hidden cause of acne that no one's talking about and then you you kind of lead with that right cuz if she has acne it's on her mind she's probably tried creams tried this but it's like you know if you have acne it's because you know 90 93% of acne is caused by like the type of air that you breathe when you're sleeping and people like what and it's like well because of this air you know can't get into your nose properly then you know you get I don't know it causes this sort of thing that happens in your skin and therefore the best way to solve that is like with this either a cream or this breathing technique or this diet or this app that makes you like okay it comes down to like ribo flaven or whatever and it's like and that's hidden in every single thing so maybe your app would help so you have to have like a mechanism that's like true and actually works so like the product is like really important like everyone's like offer offer I think products really important you can't have a good offer without if you have a bad like because a product sales problem has to fix the problem yeah uh and then what so if if it does fix the problem better than everything else then you get testimonials and so then when you're sharing this with people like oh would you use this app like oh what about what about the what about the data and then they see hundreds of testimonials being like this is me before this is me after this is me before that kind of squashes that true true yeah you think about that the okay yeah so how does product mechanism I think is really what solves that but when you're publishing someone like with your partner you got to dig it out man did did she have like when you went to her was it clear like could you see oh like or did you have to architect it yeah so I was I was like trying to publish my wife at one point and I might in the future um with her some of her subject matter and like the first step for me is like okay the person like we'll go back to like the marriage counselor thing is like if I was to publish someone like that the first thing I would do is like okay they've been doing this for a while they've got a good track record with inperson clients and I would have a few conversations to develop the sales messaging just being like why why is it so hard why do like you know and then like dig dig out like all the problem and you're looking for those mechanisms the TR truth is really what it is you know what's the truth and um sorry let me just plug my computer in um what's the truth and then you know the mechanism comes out and then yeah um the the the problem Point like you know here's the reason why so many people struggle and then the solution like and because of that this is what has to be done what I'm curious to what you think about this one of my core like in my mind like after being in the game for like eight years now I'm trying to like over time create like my principles or like my core tenants because I believe everyone can have their own we have our own personal things in terms of offer tenants like these are my fundamental like tenants or principles for me it's like if the product or the offer the messaging isn't disruptive like I don't want it like it needs to disrupt what other people believe to be true do you agree with that or not um is your product disruptive um I mean it is disruptive because it's better than the Alternatives it's better it's cheaper it's faster it's easier all those things and so yeah product really and you know I'm we're always working to improve the product like how do we make this easier how do we make it simpler how do we make it integrate more so yeah ours is disrup um but also like yeah logical we're in a really yeah Market where there's not a lot of like good Solutions so like sleeping babies like you know everyone there's a few methods that exist right and those methods are well known it's like cry it out or suffer or like the the middle one like the Ferber and like there's a few methods but like if you if you can if you can like find an expert who's figured it out better that's the key because like you know let's say like the reason the reason why babies wake up so much at night and cry and scream and they have a hard time falling back asleep it's not because they're tired it's because when they wake up uh you know this isn't true but like the liquid in their ear isn't developed properly and because of that every time they wake up they feel like they're falling out of the sky and they're scared they're so scared and so that's why they scream and that's why they need to be comforted and that's why they need to get put back in the you know uh nurse back to sleep so that's the reason why and then people hear that like oh oh man I feel so bad leaving my kid in there or like you know that makes so much sense and then it's like we have this um what this little tape that goes on the side of their head that like makes them not feel blanket or a method it's like hard of me thinks the reason why some products do well over others is they just have a better Narrative of like what like you I was thinking about Nvidia or whatever how their stock is just going up and the narrative was like chat VT is built on their chips AI is the new thing it's not going anywhere AI is a future so and like without these chips AI won't work so let's invest in utility but then we saw deep seat comes out they build something better than chat BT without Nvidia and then their stock plummets and I was like they were that was like built on a narrative and I think obviously like the you know until proven different like it has to be the truth you can't make you can make up a fake narrative that's scammy and you turn into like a click Banky offer that's like trash but I'm like I feel like some products like they could be really good products but they just have a terrible narrative and it sounds like like what that whole thing The Narrative like they're falling out of the sky like that whole thing it's like dude you can't for you won't forget that you can't look at the world like any different you can't or like yeah yeah like anything yeah narratives are powerful I mean the stock market it's a voting system again like War buff it like it's like yeah you know I work when I worked at shopy like when the company went public um you know the CEO said the value of our company just went up 60% in a day did we make 60% more money no do we get 60% more customers no just more demand for the stock made the price go up and like the opposite happened right and there's like that squeeze that happened with uh GameStop where like a bunch of people on Reddit were like hey all these rich guys are trying to short GameStop let's buy a bunch of the stock and then the stock went way up and like those hedge funds lost a bunch of money and narrative narrative against a rich guy yeah yeah so I mean Nar is important um but like you can't make it up like it has to yeah it has to be true cuz they're going to test you they're going to to be legit it has to make sense and then your offer and your product has to make sense and then be like oh that's going to make my life so much better so with your creator when you went to her and you saw what she was currently doing could you clearly say oh she's got like already good product I you need to Market it or did you have to do things to help it become a better prodct like what role did you play in making the product better MH yeah um so the product was already really good it was based on like her years she'd been doing it for like 10 15 years before as like a you know practitioner um and so the product was really good um I could see that like it's better than the Alternatives and uh so the way way we packaged it improved um we kind of took the main offer broke it into different pieces so that people could you know get like an intro yeah the economics add on customize it for themselves that sort of thing but uh yeah the first thing is just like understanding the product like super deeply if they have a book like reading it all getting the essence um yeah and then even developing like in the messaging we definitely develop we definitely developed the the mechanism uh quite a lot yeah yeah yeah another one oh sorry no the last thing like I feel like part of your role as an auor publisher is extracting like you said like the mechanism of the narrative like part of it is like they might they might not be able to see it or know it but it's there and sometimes it's not and you're just like like I know one the deal I told you about I was working on I thought I was like they seem so clear and then I when I started extracting I was like oh no like there's nothing here it's like like or it's nothing different so I think one big takeaway for a listen is like you have to kind of develop that skill of like extracting from people and like quickly seeing do they have it do they not but yeah yeah yeah there's a lot of things that they need right they need to have personality they need to have a good method or system um and again it's like goes back to Magic like you know when no one like Dr like again Dr Dre lost his job signing Eminem and they're like he's white you want a white guy to come rap like you've just had a bunch of failures and then he just saw he saw something right and he's like this guy's different he's good the world right now is going to respond well to him and they did um another example like I'm not crushing on this one but I'm like impressed is uh you know Brian Johnson the live forever guy the guy who spends like millions of dollars a year yeah healthtech yeah yeah so like that guy is doing a good job and just had a documentary released on Netflix right yeah yeah and the documentary was done really well and I could tell like they got the e-commerce side set up they got like a blood analysis thing set up and you know he's he's a he's a different dude um but the documentary you could see like his chief marketing officer kind of like goes to his house every day so I don't know if she's technically publishing him or what team has helped build the Ecom out but like the um the the documentary he did was actually brilliant like and you could tell on his on his Twitter X or whatever is like um oh you know we're so sorry our customer service response time 7 days now we didn't expect this huge we had we expected a big thing from Netflix but not this big um yeah and like that's where again like I think you need like your next deals need to go is like um like this Mark Rober Brian Johnson like you know Netflix it's it's basically a vssl their documentary and like yeah that's what I heard it's like so brilliant yeah what is so brilliant about it is the writers there's three or four times where they they they take his objections his criticisms about him and put it right out there I think it even starts with that like this guy is so weird this is inaccessible what about all of us who don't have $2 million a year um you know and they really SM they so they played that right and like this is where like copywriters you know and I'm getting inspiration from is like he's a controversial dude and has there's a lot of criticism and he just like leans into it you know and the documentary really hits that um you know but talking about mechanism the guy's selling like olive oil like it's premium right no way but he's also selling his supplements right which like I think are good I think the supplements are like prob benefit you um but you know like okay what yeah and he's but he's got a method right you look at his thing he like stops eating by 11:00 a.m. so that he could sleep better at night so he has breakfast at like 5:00 a.m. he's it's like interesting different mechanism so people are like oh it's kind of like Li tried that he was like a crazy experiment he was kind of like that very controversial yeah yeah you need a better product you need not to lie yeah I know like you need to not lie I mean his supplement companies dude they were he already had some before like eight figure supplement companies then this like built up another it's h yeah it's a lie but he knew what he's doing he knew the uh this unethical way to do it but he understood like the controversial like having a controversial character message yeah I mean you got and Andrew tape like yep super controversial crazy huge subscription like other guys Iman yeah Iman Gody Al mark back he published Alex Jones back in the day and that was like that one did like 3.2 million in a day or something it was like cuz super controversial and die hard people hated him yeah love him yeah but like the reason I have such a big crush on Mark's setup Mark Rober setup is like he's doing everything so well like with such good Integrity you know making a like really good products that are good for the world like not just making content just to make content but it's like entertaining it's like purposeful um you know and it's like his heart he's just such a good just seems like such a good person you know and he's just like giving a gift to the world and when you look you know they've delivered millions of boxes like the company's probably done 30 to 50 million so far and eventually like I think it's going to keep because it's a toy it's almost like Toy Company it's better educational so you think about like he's essentially competing with toys or you know entertainment for kids so and his see cost acquisition is almost I mean he spends video money on his videos but you know it's got to be cheaper than if you I'm sure AdSense pays for the video production true probably just more than that and then um I think the the takeaway I'm hearing from you on this is one obviously product like or the first thing is like you said with your first deal you want something that transformed you want to publish someone that like the product would transform somebody and would actually do good for the world so that's like a bigger you know having something that is going to do good for a world a gift to the world the second thing obviously is like you know a good product to do that which kind of plays hand inand or you know a good person who cares and then it's also like Mo which is like byproduct too like having like just a good product people can't compete with those like the two things I'm hearing like when what you're looking for in publishing deals or what you did that may go against just like just anybody or you know oh you know yeah those are those are two big things tactical mentorship you know people who have like done the thing that you want to do um which again like you know I can't have one of these talks without mentioning Alan stonich like the stuff that like the stuff he teaches is is like it's completely Next Level and you know I got it through a lot of it through Mark yeah but then going straight you know going straight into fast forward or nhb is like you know one of these things you know he you know you'll listen to like a super long call and then like you'll say one sentence and that sentence can like change your business and one of the ones that he did for me I don't remember which call maybe was offer publishing or maybe membership but he's like you know one of the biggest things you could do for your business is like put love into it like put love into your business and like when you think about it that way like when I heard that I started thinking about my customers like doing like almost like a meditation like thinking about these people who like could be transformed and then just being like what can I do to like yeah help them you know and that going is going to force you to make a better product um and that's that's what it is for me you know is like yes you need a good Market which is like big Tam uh in my opinion trans transformational like opportunity to transform someone a product that's way better personality like having a having the right fit between you and your uh your expert your partner uh reading the room and just like feeling what does the world need right now and testing it out and getting the feedback [Music] um uh yeah tactical like iCal mentorship uh and like I think longevity is like a really important thing and that comes from the product cuz like yeah I think a lot of people can make six figures a year $200,000 $300,000 a year but I think getting up to like the seven figures a year seven figures a year in profit you have to make a really good like you have to have a really good product and it has to be a great experience for the customer yep and that's unfortunately like you can't easy to do process it you can't you either have it or you don't you make it or you don't like yeah there's no timeline like that's one the things you just have to like let go of as much as like I think a lot of Internet marketers including myself before I used to be like just give a process to make a good product or like what what's the secret it's like shoot like there's not like you just most companies they just spend years developing their products they're not profitable forever and so but yeah like there's Clues right like and this is probably a big lesson for me is like success leaves Clues and that's why study people like Mark jimmmy iven all these people like Eminem like why is like another random okay not random but like publishing a friend of a friend of mine works for they do the merch for um Universal Studios and all the Eminem and all the celebrities and he was like we were having dinner one day and the guy's like yeah I was like what was the coolest product you ever did like do you do you do custom stuff or just merch and he's like well the coolest one we ever did was Eminem's childhood home was being demolished and so he went and he took all the bricks the 8 Mile one of the houses on 8 Mile and you sold each brick for 500 bucks and it sold out in like 30 seconds and I was like that's like it's cool right yeah yeah it's like yeah memorability it's like it's like yeah collectible yeah but um I don't know there's success leaves Clues right which is why look at the biggest like Amazon they're doing something right like Netflix Disney plus when they launched that was a that was so cool yeah coming out at $6.99 a month like penetration pricing that was crazy and they had this they clearly had this whole plan like remove all your stuff from Netflix Oh you guys want to watch Marvel it's over here now like success leaves Clues you know always studying these things you can always learn from you should watch the Mr Beast interview from Colin smear you'd love it he he it's crazy because for product like he got so his chocolate company febles he's found out that I think it's like over 90% of Coco is like sourced from like Farms that have like chod labor and he was like bro like he was like that was like that's awful and so it's crazy what he did he like went to like this places and he started like negotiating with the farmers like pay him enough so that they could not have to hire children because the other Hershey's everything they would like screw the cocoa Farmers over so they wouldn't get enough profit until they had to hire children so Mr be I'll pay you more but then they're like well okay our kids are out done working what are they going to do and Mr be like well can't they go to school and like well we don't have schools so now Mr Beast is building schools so that all so just so you can have a better product and that and then he's doing with the intense that he can start knocking hershe she's being like at least my chocolate isn't Source from and so I was like that's that's love for the product that's insane like that's insane which is good right you know you want good people yeah you know this thing it's it's an example of probably why he's so successful and why you know another person like this Mark Rober hearing him talk about like his business it's like they they like they like labor in the details right and they care about like all those little things you know and they find out about that stuff and like uh they dig deeper and like um I could tell he he's probably it's probably why he's so successful same with Mark Rober and like another person I found her name Jenny Hoyos you know her no I don't what do she do I saw this she's YouTube shorts like I saw this one video on YouTube is like I can make anything go viral and I watched her video and she like like obsesses over the little details you know and and that was like a really clear example I'm sure Mr be is the same Mark Robert like they she shared this story like she does mostly shorts and she's like I think all of them get like 10 million views or something and one of them she's like it flopped and I was trying to figure out why and it realized that she had a massive drop off at the last half a second so you trim the half a second off re-uploaded it and boom took off again you know and it's like that that really intense do do you think people who can't pay attention to detail or don't pay attention to detail can still be that successful or is it like what's your philosophy on that yeah it's a good it it's a good question like if they can't pay attention I guess depends on what extent like what a measurement of successful I mean you think you know someone making 100,000 a year some would be really successful and but then you compare it to like a Mr Beast doing a billion it's like oh you're not that so I guess yeah maybe I think some people on the team have to be that way no matter what like super intense people who uh who kind of Labor over everything someone on the team and I think that's one of the people who's going to be the one who makes the impact so like the reason I say this is because like I think about 50 Cent I don't think that he's like what's my where my sneakers made but like you know him working with you know Dr Dre and Jimmy IV like I know Jimmy Iving being like watching that documentary he's like he took over Apple music and he's like he came there's a clip of him in the documentary like coming into the office he's like I went to a family dinner and I asked my nephews do you guys use apple music and they said no and I was like it I was it made him like Furious and he's like why he was talking you see him talking to the marketing team why doesn't everyone know about this or everyone use it you know and I think you need you need that every project needs that driver who's yeah you know looking at things like and you could tell like with Allan this is what he would have would have done and like for me it's probably un Healy you know but like pouring over the details of like looking at like the P how people interact on your page like obsessing like oh like what if I change this one word in like the upsell like or what what is it you know and it's like people who work with me I feel sorry for them because it's like like super high standards but when I study other people like I mean Jeff basos I think is a super interesting guy um and I think he's super high standard super intense person to work for I don't I don't know much about Elon Musk I don't know much about other people um but yeah I think I think can you be super successful like if you don't really care about the details I think only if you have someone who really does yeah I think anyone can do it though I think anyone can do it true it's a discipline like in wanting it yeah I know people lean on like ADHD right like i' I've been diagnosed with ADHD yeah and then when the when the person's like do you want medication I'm like no like it's just it's good to know yeah like I have you know and I think it shows up in different people like in different ways some people have a hard time starting um you know um yeah for me it's like I have a hard time like like I have to I I I get burnt out really like I will see all the details and feel all the things and then like after a few hours I'm like I need like need to recope uh or just lots of coffee but uh I I know people you know I know there's different avatars of people and people who are they get overwhelmed with the details but I think it's a muscle it's a muscle you can build you know for those people who have a who have a tough time like getting easily frustrated at page Builders or whatever like I think people can build that skill yeah you can get through that if you want to D so yeah that's awesome anyway answer that like what you said there is like yeah you know people really need like they need to hear this right and this is something that I see like in digital marketing like something I try and tell everyone is like as soon as you create an offer and put it out into the world it's the exact same as you stepping on to like an NBA court you are immediately doesn't matter if you're a beginner you're immediately doesn't matter if you're in grade eight whatever you're competing with the absolute like you're competing with Mark Rober you're competing with me Kylie Jenner Mr Beast you're competing with everyone for like attention and and you can't get any conversion without attention so I as soon as when people say Facebook ads don't work I'm like yeah they don't work for you just like free throws don't work for you like cuz you're not like the absolute best in the world and there's a reason like I know this for a fact rough numbers five roughly 5% of Shopify stores and kajabi stores make enough Revenue to pay for their subscription and and there's a reason cuz it's really really really hard and that's why I pay for mentorship because and that's why I obsess over things is because it as soon as you put something on the Internet you're competing in the NBA and that's why only a few people do really well so that was that that was that rant that I want to get out there that's good I love it yeah Doug I appreciate it I think we'll definitely be doing some followup things in future here's some ideas things you're seeing this is very enjoyable and uh if you guys like this or enjoyed it make sure to leave some love below I'm not going to link you you're there's like one of the get you're like don't yeah I don't have social media there's nothing to find if you guys look up Doug crow.com there's a dude may may not be the right dog yeah yeah go follow him go follow him and you can go off whatever he's got yeah it's convenient yeah it's very convenient uh but we appreciate you jumping on man thank you so much no worries no worries


╔══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╗
║  FONTE: His online coaching business generated $800,000 last week (here's how) [dAFGw269Adg].en.txt
║  VÍDEO: His Online Coaching Business Generated $800,000 Last Week (Here'S How) [Dafgw269Adg].En
║  ADICIONADO EM: 04/08/2026
╚══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╝

$800,000. That is the amount of money the offer that the guest I just interviewed owns made last week. $800,000 just from one offer in one week. And lifetime numbers, over $74 million. Today, our guest, his name is Luke Kish. And I'm really excited about this interview because I've interviewed a lot of operators, people who are in the teams, more of the tactical stuff, and that's great. But I really wanted to bring in a CEO, a founder, somebody who was the operator who published an expert who's the face of the business and scaled it up and now is a CEO with over 100 plus employees. This is going to bring such a unique perspective and insight that isn't really out there today. So make sure to stay the entire thing and if you did learn anything, if you got one takeaway, drop it in the comments so people can find it. But with that being said, let's jump into it. Back to another episode of the offer owner spotlight. Today I'm sitting here with Luke Kish. I had the pleasure of meeting Luke in person in Dallas a few weeks ago. And after meeting with him, I knew we had to get him on the show because he's going to bring in a very interesting perspective of somebody who started as uh you could say a growth operator at the ground floor bringing an offer up and scaling it uh into the millions, then transitioning to more of a CEO role where they have over 70 coaches on W2 in their company and many other people in the org chart. And so, uh, re really stay through this and listen because it's going to give you that perspective of the person who's more the visionary, uh, the the leader of the company. Uh, and it's be really exciting. So, Luke, I appreciate you being here, dude. I'm excited. Thank you for having me, brother. Yeah, likewise. Let's do it. All right. So, year or lifetime revenue, the company that you you built and have grown, how much have you guys made so far, just to get it out of the way for all the people wondering. 74 million. 74 million. And how many employees contractors do you have inside the company right now? Right now we have roughly 30 to right around roughly 130 to 140 employees and then probably 30 to 40 contractors. When you first started, you know, and we could talk about this story. I'd love to get into like how you came about this uh this company and started growing it, but when you first started before all of it, did you envision and have in mind the like the vision of having a team with over 100 people on and being a co? Was that just something you're like, "Yep, that's what I'm made to be. That's where we're going." Or did it come through just the journey and eventually that belief stacked over time? So the belief that I was always going to be successful entrepreneur I've had for a while. So, I've always had really big like ambitions and big appetite. So, like I still do and I I really, you know, don't I still don't feel like I'm doing much right now to be honest. I'm like, you know, very much so forward thinking in that sense. Did I like see employee counts or stuff like that? No. When I started though, I do remember I was targeting a half a million a month like right off the rip and then getting to a million a month. Like that was that was why I moved from like what I was doing which was like you know physical product e-commerce back in the day into something where I felt like I could you know grow a bigger more substantial thing and then you know as it as you go you need more people and then all of a sudden it's like hey you know if the goal is big excuse me build big businesses and part of the requirement is is headcount you know then that just becomes part of the path but It's not like I was like, "Oh, I want to have a certain number number number of people." Yeah. Okay. Let's talk from the start then. Um, how did this company that's over 74 million, how did it all start? I know for a lot of people watching this, they're pursuing a similar path um of how you did it. And so, I know you have an expert who's the face and you're kind of behind the scenes. So, how did this come about? What was the story of how you found this person and got it off the ground? Yeah. So, the expert was a three-time or is, and now we have multiple brand faces, but she's still the the main brand face. Um, she's is a threetime pro-natural physique athlete and I saw fitness just kind of like popping off on the internet and I was running ads and I was like kind of also hitting on her to be honest. like I was like kind of attracted and so like you know we would like chitchat at the gym and then one of these days I was like hey have you ever thought about like doing fitness online cuz she was like training with people and she was like no I was like oh let me set up a funnel for you and this is when stuff was so easy. I set up one funnel she paid me 2,000 bucks. Um this allowed her to run ads for a whole year. She paid me one time. she made more money training than she was doing nursing and she stopped her nursing job. And then I reapproached her like a year and a half, a year later and I was like, "Would you want to make this something more serious?" Like, "Would you want to try and make this like a company?" Like dating or Okay. Company. No. No. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Company. And then um she said yes, which was great. And then, you know, she was she's an amazing business partner. um really was just a good fit. Um and you know, we worked together and it was pretty much all us for quite some time and we're just scraping by, you know, basically like, you know, scraping by. It's like we're paying our rent and then like, you know, we have our bills and then, you know, just barely barely were scraping by for a bit and then and then it started to click, you know, and then, you know, one thing led to another and, you know, we grew. When you said started to click, what gave that indicator that things were working or you like hit it and the messaging was aligned, offer was aligned, when was that? What was the indicator? What did you do? What changed? We built a sales team. So, like my background was in sales. So, I knew I could do it with sales, but I was like, I want to just do this all through the internet. Like, I don't want to have any salespeople. And then that kind of just stopped. I was like, "Fuck it. Let's just try doing it like this way because I feel like we can do this." And uh and then once we did that, yeah, it kind of started working. What were you doing before? Were you using mid ticket like direct to cart or? Yeah, we were doing low ticket, mid ticket. We we actually were called Alpha Female Fitness for like the first year and a half and then we started getting traction on um low ticket and mid-t uh then we got a cease and desist and so like everything had this brand on it. Like there was not one piece of content, not one page, not one anything that didn't have this on it. So, we had to rebrand, you know, redo basically everything, all of our VSSLs, all of our everything. And then, uh, and then we were doing that for maybe like a year. And like we had some months where we did like a few hundred thousand and we're profitable. Um, but, you know, never popped popped where it was like, "Ooh, this is this is the model. This is the line." And then Yeah. Gotcha. So, from when you're doing everything Yeah. because you're doing everything at the time, right? You're writing the ads, you're building the funnels, you were you taking sales calls to at the start as well? So, you're the closer. Mhm. What was the first role you outsourced? Was it hiring more sales reps then? Um, outsourced. No, we're going way back. Marketing tech. So, Ryan, you know, Ryan, that Ryan came in at that point. Marketing and tech. Gotcha. Yeah. So, marketing tech. I still was I I was like still building most of the pages, the messaging, the ads, all of that. But he was then helping with the integrations and you know back then how much were you guys making per month when you brought in mark a marketing tech person just kind of show people like what's possible just you yourself and this expert? Do you remember? Dude, we were making basically no money. I mean, I made a post where I was like like before this I spent like five years just like eating courses and like I did drop shipping. I you know, I had months doing a half a million a month selling like bottle openers and dog hats and kitchen supplies and you know, a bunch of stuff. You know, when the Eagles won the Super Bowl in Philadelphia, we did like a beer koozie and we sold like, you know, 55,000 units or something like that in like 4 days. Like the Shopify thing was just like those dopamine hits. You're like, "Yeah." Yeah. The good old days. Oh, man. Um, but yeah, I mean, that one was very much so like a I knew I knew stuff. Yeah. I knew I needed somebody. So, it was very much like vision based. And then like it was just a match where he was in his life where he was open to something like that. And then, you know, we just have been thick as thieves and together ever since. So, crazy. That's awesome. Okay. I want to get into just the mind like who you are as a person, how you think cuz you're very interesting. I like when I was hanging out with you like trying to read you like you you carry I can't really tell what's going inside your head but yet you're building something so big and you're kind of like casual about you're very uh yeah you you aren't like you don't seem really emotional where you make emotional decisions and I could be wrong that's just how I read you. So, at your level with the team you have now and where you're trying to push things to, you know, over, you know, I think you said like trying like 10 million a month or whatever some numbers you guys throwing around, what what's the conversation in your head by yourself when you're thinking yourself? What are you telling yourself to keep moving, to keep pushing forward, to lead the team? What are these like things you're saying to yourself that keep you going? Um, you know, I think that it's just how I'm wired largely. Like I don't think it's like a conversation. It's more like uh I don't know. It's just how I'm wired. Like my old mentor Bob Proctor used to always say, you don't choose what you want, right? Your wants choose you. You don't make your heartbeat. You don't make your hair grow. It's hard to figure out why you want what you want, but you want what you want. And for me, my appetite in business is just really big. I think actually part of that is like you know part of that comes from like an insecurity and inadequacy issue to be honest where I feel like you know very driven from that side and then there's like another part of me where it's just like I believe I can do it and I'm extremely ambitious and I'm like very confident. So I have both of those ranges. Um, and so it kind of just is my natural my natural like tendency or like my nature, you know what I mean? Yeah. Yeah. When you say like insecurity, I feel that I feel that too because in my own life I've realized I chase recognition and so that's what I do things to get recognition but I know that could be a negative but also be a positive. Mhm. So, where have you seen it like with yours and like what kind of pushes you forward? Where's it become a negative in growing your business? Because I obviously there's positives. I mean, it's what's wired you the way you are and you built something so big, but has had it course correct at any points? Yeah, when I was younger, man, I mean I mean I was I made like a million bucks by the time I was like 20 years old and I went through that like kind of ego death of like thinking I was the [ __ ] coolest kid in town and like I you know was buying all the Louis Vuitton and the you know the M5 and like you know was like oh I am money you know I am success right I really identified with that and then that company had issues and I went through like fullon identity crisis where I was like, who am I? You know, what have I been doing? You know, has has these thoughts even been my thoughts? And I spent like four or five years to be honest in that place of you know like just rolling through like what thoughts that I've been thinking are actually my own thoughts and for me and from me versus like things I've just inherited and have been thinking are my own thoughts because I've been thinking them but they actually like aren't mine. Um and I just was traveling and like reading spiritual books. So, I kind of had that had that like uh lesson sort of early, which I'm very happy about. You know, it's like I got that out of the way. Got it done. Yeah, that's dope. I love that. Yeah. Okay, so you're currently doing you know what, 1.2 1.4 a month with this offer. Maybe a little over that. Well, it's not a software. So, it's coaching. Sorry. Sorry. Offer not software. Yep. Um last week we did like 800,000. So, 800,000 one week. Gotcha. Yeah. So, we're pacing. Just kidding. So, we're pacing like, you know, well, I, you know, we we we had to we did 30 million last year. We had like a an issue towards the end of last year that came into the front half of this year. Y now, you know, we replaced the entire sales and marketing leadership which oversee about like 60 70 people. And since that happened, now everything's kind of starting to click. Knock on wood. I'm very optimistic for where we are right now as a company. What is to get to 10 million then in your mind like what do you what are you saying like obviously it's probably pretty simple I mean you probably say do more of the same stuff better but is there like a few things or every day you wake up like this what we need to do or this is what we need to add or or focus on like what does that look like one mill you know 800,000 a week to then getting to two uh 10 million a month what needs to change um or what do you need to do more of obviously volume so we need to do more volume so you know that's like multiple brand faces is multiple inflows. How we broke it last time was trying to do like 50 million through one funnel a year and you know the strategy there was just incorrect. So it's like we were trying to execute on a flawed premise that like this is how we would go scale to where we're trying to scale to. So now it's broadening out having it working with four or five fronts, multiple kinds of funnels, low ticket, you know, VSSLs, direct to apply VSSLs, um, and then multiple faces. So that and then, you know, it's people, you know, it's it's very much people now. So multiple faces, how are you integrating that smoothly so that customers aren't like, "Wait, what happened to, you know, Nikki like the main person?" What's the strategy there to kind of bring in more faces? And then I'm curious, does that open the company up to better potential to exit because then it's not just built on one person? Yeah. Yeah. So the exit play is like you know we have to do something other than just service-based coaching I believe. Um but the brand faces as part of that like it's a step in that direction because you also want to have multiple it's called keyman risk. You don't want to have keyman risk where if like everything is running through one face or one person and then that person decides they don't want to do it anymore or whatever that's a big risk to a buyer. So yes and then um what was the other question? Oh. Oh, the it's not an issue. You know, it's like we we haven't had an issue for it. So, you know, for a long time it's been like UGC ads. Yeah. It's like fake faces kind of being the spokesperson. Yeah. Yeah. So, it's not like all one person and then um you know congruency. So, it's like first we work with a brand face. We have like a set just contract for ads. We do all ad scripts. They record. We edit. We run tests on them to our funnels. And then once they're proving out like looking decent with our funnels, then we take them and you know, we do a full shoot with them and then put them through VSSLs and then pull them all the way through the funnel. Oh, okay. That's that's super cool. Yeah. So, you're like test you're not like So, I was wondering how do you pick the right person? Like, how do you know they're going to be a good fit? But you're just testing them on the ads. Yep. Okay. And then what personalitywise characteristics of the actual their personality, their identity, how they operate? What do you look for in these women that are coming in to make sure they're not going to be like come like how do you make sure they're not going to be like when I do deals, I'm always making sure someone who doesn't have ego or whatever start coming back, I need more money and for, you know, I I'm the face. Oh, I deserve like how are you kind of doing your best to make sure that there's a less likelihood that for that to happen? one is like understanding what we have. So like we can put these people in a really good situation where you know they make a very fair slashabovefare amount of money for like a pretty leveraged kind of work, right? It's like you have to give, you know, a couple pieces of content a month and do a do a shoot and then you can make a a decent income. So we have that there and then what we're looking for what I'm looking for is like market match. So, you know, are they the demo we're trying to break into and then, you know, we're so good with marketing and scripts and VSSLs and stuff that like if we know that they fit the demo and they're going to resonate and then, you know, they look the part so they have the authority based on a lot of fitness is like being like seeing is believing like they'll look at somebody is this person had a transformation that we want to uh you know, yeah, want to like is like obviously resonant with people that are trying to have that same transformation then looking the part. We can we can help with the words and we take their story then they go with our copywriters, you know, make a whole VSSL ads around their story and copyrightiting. Uh and then yeah, that's I love that. That's so cool. Like I know uh talking to Ryan, he's you know big on like going deeper things and Yeah. And that this is like going deeper with offer publishing. It's not just having one face. It's introducing other faces where it can do. I'm wondering like where does that I guess where does that not work? I wonder what industries where that doesn't work. But yeah, I mean you know you have to have people who have the skill set. Fitness is one of these ones where it's so competitive. There's so many people online who want to make money in fitness. There's so many people who are really good at fitness and there's so many people who only can do one of the parts, right? It's like there's very few and far between people who are running fitness things on their own that are actually like making say you know a decent income from it. So it's like if they get somebody who's like hey look we'll do all the fulfillment we'll do all of the sales. We'll do all of the everything. All you have to do is read these words that we give you and like do it good. You know we'll edit it. We'll do everything and then we'll be able to pay you. They're like [ __ ] yes. You know what I mean? Yeah. Yeah. Because I feel like all the personal trainers I know, they're I mean Yeah. They just they're really good at fitness, bro. Like they're so smart. Yeah. They're so good at their craft and they're not good at selling. And then there's the people are really good at selling and usually but then they kind of suck at fulfillment. But it's kind of hard. But with your model, it's like you guys be really good at selling it and they're really good at fulfilling it and it just makes sense. Yeah. Exactly. It's crazy. I was recently watching an episode on uh it's a business war. They're talking about Weight Watchers, like Weight Watchers versus Neutri System and Jenny Craig or all these OG dieting trends. That sounds super interesting, bro. You gota Business Wars. It's like the best. It talks about like the challenges, the ups and the downs. And it's crazy what numbers they they were pulling and still do. And it's insane how the when they would recover like some of their stocks would go down to 60 cents a share and then they would go all the way up to $60 with just one marketing campaign. Yeah. And they're just constantly recovering and I just listening to that it just kind of gave me belief like oh you can always bounce back like why you don't need to be afraid or the scale of it like 600 million you know company 600 million on their shares and doing more than that a year just on fitness coaching and support. Yeah baby. So 10 million a month. I was listening at I'm like a they got it. Yeah for sure we do. You got it. Um, okay. Team you said, so obviously volume, different funnels. You guys just had one funnel. So now you have direct application. I know you guys have low ticket. I know you have the VSSL, multiple faces. So you got all the volume there. And then people, obviously those faces. In terms of just leading a team as CEO, what are some like tips or someone who's trying to publish offers like this to be that leader and to lead the team? What are some of the things that have really helped? uh and like what is what are you even supposed to do like your role as a leader? I know it's really broad, but distilling it down. What are you really doing to make the team, you know, work well, move forward? What am I really doing? So, I am aligning people on a future. So, it's like there's a clear future. Here's here's the direction that we're heading. Number one. Number two is that direction being big enough so that other big people with big personalities and big goals for themselves can be inside of it and still accomplish their goals. And then it's aligning incentives and being like fair. So you know like I look at myself as like a person who uses resources to um align a bunch of people's uh self-interest to a greater good and then getting them all on the same page. So it's like, you know, it's like everybody is trying to win for themselves, right? And it's like not hiding from that fact and then going really clear on like what it is. Like what do you want, right? It's like if you if you go and you hire the best anyone like they're going to want something, you know? So it's like just getting clear on, hey, what is this and can we make this happen for you, right? And then like having that all open. um you know that's those are the main things and then and then and then just keeping everybody together. So it's like you know when you have a bunch of strong personalities and a bunch of strong opinions and a bunch of people who you know take control and own their stuff and are high quality like we're very entrepreneurial where you know people who are leading departments or managing departments it's like they're running their [ __ ] and they're running their ship. So, you know, I I kind of have the role of like, you know, making sure that everybody is um sticking together, you know what I mean? Everybody's on the same page and we're all, you know, there's not communication issues. There's not, you know, it's really like that's one of the main things as well is like making it so there's like clean communication and like, you know, if there's problems, it's like I call it like being the awkward elephant hunter. So it's like if people are having like you know these quarrels or like differences and they work together like if you don't unplug that or unclog that then you have communication issues and when you have communication issues everything goes slow. So you know it's like going around and just like here's this while okay the you know the comp plan got screwed up over here and then you know she doesn't realize that this is happening to their team and like the way he's saying it is this. So, like we need to all get together and like, okay, let's let's let's hash this out. This is why this is important. This is why this is important. This is where she's coming from. This is where he's coming from. All right, we're all on the same page now. Okay, let's fix this. Boom. Now we go. You know what I mean? Yeah. Yeah. I like that. I feel like that's something. It's that helps me simple like make more simple in my mind because I feel it's so broad. Be a leader, CEO. It's like what are you really doing? But yeah, you're I like the idea of what do they want? Okay. Selfishly, be honest. What do you want? Yeah. Yeah. And it's like here's what I want. Is there a way where we can both get this? Exactly. And then make sure nothing gets awkward so that people don't get aligned from that. Right. Because people will be behind the scenes like and like it's not then it's like you know you just you have like a resent or like you have like thing and like no one's talking about it and it's like you get on a meeting and everyone's like you know nothing's like it's like what the [ __ ] do we actually need to talk about right now? You know what I mean? Yeah. True. It's like everyone's just like grumbling behind the scenes and I probably hear bad culture and it's like oh yeah Luke's doing this and then just um okay let's say you're casting vision as the CEO and you're like this is where we're going guys here's what we're doing but then it you don't get there or it just like fails. How how do you respond or deal with that? Well what do you mean by fail? Well, like I don't know like I think about you're if you're saying hey this is the place we're going like we're scaling and this is where we're going this is how we're going to do it or maybe before like you said you thought you were going to do it with to 50 million with the one funnel. Yeah. And that didn't happen. I know that's like just maybe a smaller one but as even if it was bigger like has there ever been times where you were like this is it and you were so like this is where we're going and then you just had to accept ah shoot like it didn't happen or it didn't work like has that ever happened before and how do you deal with that? So like when things aren't working um you know I think like number one is like okay is it like not working because it can't work and we have like a flawed plan. Ideally you're not in that situation. If you are in that situation then it's like you need to change your plan and then kind of shift the vision. Um, and then number two, like if you're leading a vision, you can buy yourself time with your level of commitment to getting it done if it's not working in the immediate. So like for example, we were like burning money, right? And I didn't make anybody do capital contributions. cuz I just took chunks of money out of my bank account or one big chunk of money out of my bank account, put it into the bank account, and then when we're on a meeting, I was literally like I was like, I will go to [ __ ] zero. I was like, there's no way that we cannot turn this [ __ ] thing around if this company's doing this and this company's doing this and our thing is better and we're, you know, we have the talented people. It was like, you know, so it's like if you have that, then you can buy yourself time. But I don't consider that like it's not like you're like failing. It's just like things aren't working at that moment. And then like the team needs to see, okay, like these people are in. And then ideally you're with people that are also in too. So if the incentives are aligned, right, and the upsides there, then then that's what like helps those storms get weathered because other people also want to see it through. They also want to see it work because their upsides there when it is working. True. True. You said the like hopefully you're not in a situation where you just have the wrong plan. Um how do you evaluate that you do have the wrong plan? How long do you go with something or is it getting outside feedback from other people? Do you consult with others? How do you evaluate that so you know when to make the call? Like all right, wrong plan. Because I feel like some people make the call too early and they actually never really knew. But it's hard things because it's every situation's different. So, how do you personally make the best call as a CEO? It's a hard one to answer, but Yeah, it's a hard one to answer. You know, it's like all I know is you better be [ __ ] gut feeling. Yeah. Just gut feeling. You're like, "All right." Yeah. I mean, that that is another reality that most people probably don't want to like, you know, lean into is like you do have to be right. You know what I mean? It's like it is hard and you have to be right. And so you have to be involved enough where like you can figure out why something's not working. You know what I mean? Like um there's a guy Ryan Blair who works with my friend Daniel and I talked to him a little bit when I was like in this hard period and he's like wartime wartime CEO you go wherever the problem is you micromanage the [ __ ] out of it and that gives you like high fidelity feedback on what the problem is. So if you're heavily involved and like I realized it took me a while to realize that hey our strategy was incorrect in trying to shove it through one funnel. Although for a year I'd been saying it to the team like we need to we need to bring on more faces. We need to do this. It just wasn't happening. And then you know we work through you know the best agencies in marketing that money could buy. you know, we're spending 150,000 a month on agencies and it's like, okay, these guys can't help us, you know, yeah, we gota like look, okay, we need to just pivot, you know what I mean? We need to adjust. We need to try something new. With those agencies to you, it's like they are just were they pushing just that one funnel and you're like, fix it. Like, why doesn't work? And then they're just like they no matter what they could have done, it never would have gotten fixed. It was just the wrong plan. Yeah. Correct. Yeah. I wonder how many people run like I feel like a lot of business run that because the agency always gets a smoke at first, you know? It's kind of like you go through so many and just the wrong plan. Yeah. Exactly. You know, it's like there's a lot more than marketing that needs to happen for for this [ __ ] to work. You know what I mean? It's like marketing is the the first part and then there's got to be a lot of other stuff that can that can that can work. So yeah, true. Yeah. I mean bottom line is you got to be close enough and have enough context, have enough skill and then be right, you know. Yeah. Do you Okay, now kind of covered that I want to get more into just like personal as you close your lifestyle things you do discipline wise, but also before that are you do you ever look at other businesses or markets just for fun kind of oh that's really cool. That'd be a cool business idea. Like are you still a visionary outside of your business? Uh you still are. Okay. I'm curious. What's a business market or model that you think is really cool right now is pretty sexy that you're like if you weren't focused on this one thing that you would get into? Well, I think I'm going to do them, you know. So, okay. It's it's just a matter of time. Um Okay. Any of you willing to share? You don't have to be really specific, but I I was like talking to visionaries. I know you see I'm always looking at other things and Yeah. So, you know, physical product e-commerce, I feel like, you know, doing that the right way is um something that can be super lucrative. Um and then, so I have like a a product idea there around like beauty. Um, and then another one is like mixing the complexity of like a company like ours with like the digital backend and CRM and marketing and sales and funnels and automations and you know all of that with like a bluecollar thing. So it's like those are very those are very um like uh far away from one another. You know, it's like you think of blueco collar work and it's like a guy in a truck who's like showing up and then you know, we have like a labyrinth that like, you know, you could spend a year going through and still not like, you know, understand fully what's going on. So, true. So, yeah, those kinds of businesses. Gotcha. When have you guys I know you're in the health space. Have you tied in supplements on the back end yet? No, we're going to though. Smart. Yeah. How how like have you projected like what do you think that's going to do overall to revenue? It's I'm kind like it's crazy because I feel like when I see other people do it, it's pretty significant of a boost. Yeah. Now that we're doing low ticket, I mean I think it can be really substantial. Yeah. Yeah. That's sick. And then you get the subscription and then even more so it makes it more exitable, right? Because Exactly. That's dope. That's dope. Yes. Um all right. Lifestyle daytoday. What's your schedule look like at this level? This many team members, this much money, what dayto day? What does your life look like behind the It very It very much so depends on like what's going on. So, you know, CEO job is like what's the biggest problem? And then, you know, that problem can look a million different things and then you could have to be doing a million different things for that problem. And then, you know, sometimes it means, you know, non-stop at the computer all day. Sometimes it means like really just thinking about filling one position all day. Sometimes it means, you know, letting people breathe and breathing and like thinking. So, it's not like, yeah, it's not like there's this extremely structured regiment that I do, you know, I do meetings free flowing on Tuesdays and Thursdays. I try and stack all my meetings on the same days. Okay. Um, and then yeah, it's whatever's going on at that period in time. Yeah. Do you what do you do for fun outside of work? Do you have any hobbies outside of business or are you just the type of person hustle? This is it. This is your pleasure. Yeah, it is it is my pleasure. It is my pleasure. Like I enjoy b building. You know, I do want to build really really big stuff which I think is different than like um not really really big stuff. It requires more. At least so far it has. Maybe I'll figure out a way where it doesn't require more eventually, but right now it does. Um, I go to the gym religiously. I do sauna. I golf sometimes. Okay. Okay. Um, yeah. Nice. I love that. Yeah, because I know some people it's so different. I always like to share that because uh, you know, some people have different lifestyles and some people resonate with that and others don't. So, uh, I know there's some people listening to this that may admire what you do and what you've built and also the lifestyle you live and may want to model that. So, that's sick. Um, last thing, uh, investing outside of the business and like your time, obviously your money going in the business at this level. Are you putting your money anywhere else into anything or is it just back into the businesses you're growing? Crypto, stocks, high yield accounts, and other than that, back into the business. Nice. Yeah. And then I like to hold cash. I like to just have uh like open up that account and hey, okay, we're chilling. Yeah. Yeah. my my my uh my uh virtual family office guy was like, "Why do you have so much cash?" And uh and then I had to put like a big chunk into the company. I was like, "This is why I have so much cash." That's great. And you got you got any Bitcoin? You put you got money in Bitcoin? Yeah, I got Bitcoin. I got Ethereum. 109 today. Is it? Yeah, bro. Let's go, baby. Bro, it's pumping right now. It's pumping. You're probably up big. 109. Come on. At least that's what was this morning. I was up like 30%. Yeah. And then one other thing I try and do that's um like routine-wise is is like if you're make if you're watching this and you're making like more than 250,000 bucks a year, get a house manager. Oh shoot. Okay. Get a house manager. I want that, bro. Cuz I might get a house soon. I do not want to take care of a house. Yeah. I mean, even it's like a life. It's like so like you know I have all of my everything basically done for me which is such a huge unlock food. You got a chef everything. So dang not a chef but it's like meal prep. They meal prep it. So it's like but she's she's decent at cooking but it's like all shopping, you know, all my vitamins all get packed. All my protein drinks for the gym, you know, they get put in little things. So, I just throw the thing in my bag, you know, all laundry, all mail, all grocery shopping, all cleaning, you know, watering the plants, just anything roughly. What does that cost? Like you said, you're doing 250,000 a year. You said you should have a house manager. Like you're saying all that should be outsourced. And how much usually does that cost? You can do that. You can do the house management part for like two three,000 a month. But I pay I pay a copyright. You pay copyrighters and media buyers that it's like, bro, easy. Yeah, you pay. Yeah, for sure. You pay them way more freelancer that you as well get your house taken care of. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's that's huge. Like, you know, not having to worry about that stuff. And then I don't know like just imagine if like you know how like when like you and your girl like like you go shopping and like the fridge is just fully stocked. You got all the drinks that you want, all the laundry is done, all the foods in there, and you just feel like clean and clear. you just know you have everything like just having that permanently um increases your capacity to go do stuff that so you don't even need to get married dude you're chilling you could just you're set that's I mean man I I took the more expensive route you know getting married you know you get little more than 2,000 a month but that all that stuff gets done praise God yeah well I mean you definitely have other you know elements yeah there's other benefits I don't care. Oh, there's things outside of Okay, that's true. That's sick, though. I love that. I love that. You're like, you know, like the Ashton Hall dude that went viral. Yeah, that's pretty much what you are, right? Everyone's handing you stuff. Got your gym bag. You got everything. It's not like that, but Yeah. Yeah. That's awesome. That's awesome. Less theatrical. Yes, exactly. Not on camera. Um, well, dude, I appreciate it. This is really insightful. I love sharing this side because you see the operators. I feel like we interview a lot of operators and, you know, people that are on your team and in the trenches, but it's a whole another thing to be the the visionary, the CEO. And so, I appreciate you sharing that. I really admire it. It's you're in a role where like I'm trying to head and so you're setting a great example and I hope Thank you, brother. Other people take notes. It's really cool to see. Thank you, brother. I appreciate you having me on.


╔══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╗
║  FONTE: How I Get 40%+ Take Rates Upsells With Lowticket Ascension Funnels [O-DBgaMauNw].en.txt
║  VÍDEO: How I Get 40%+ Take Rates Upsells With Lowticket Ascension Funnels [O Dbgamaunw].En
║  ADICIONADO EM: 04/08/2026
╚══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╝

In this video, I'm going to show you how I'm achieving 40% order bump take rate and upsell take rates in my low ticket ascension funnels by using a simple strategy I learned actually going to target. Now, if you don't know who I am, my name is Joshua Gavin. In the last 24 months, I've personally architected over 800 low ticket ascension offers in almost every single niche imaginable. And in this series, I go offline to get ideas for my online business and then share with you guys so that you can do the same because everyone's just out there swiping from ad library, joining mastermind behinds, copying each other, and there's nobody walking around Target or the local stores or bookstores like my last video and actually learning and taking ideas. So, I want to share with you how I mastered order bumps just by shopping at Target. So, let's do this. Now, I know you guys are probably wondering, Josh, where are order bumps in Target? I thought order bumps are just simple check boxes that only exist on funnels. But what you don't realize is that inside of Target, they're hidden in plain sight and that every product here is strategically placed to get you to make a decision to get you to purchase something. But the number one place where Target makes a bunch of extra money with their order bumps would actually be at the checkout. I'm going show you right here. You can see down here when you're going to check out, they have all these other options that you can add on to your cart. in the last second. So, it's super funny. You think order little check box and we're like, "Oh, yeah. That's internet markers came out with that." It's like, "Bro, it's been around forever." You see here, like we have all the random little things, Advil, snacks, chapstick, gift cards, batteries, and different aisles have different things. But this is where they get people to make these last minute add-ons that maybe are impulse buys that increase the average order value of a customer. You might be thinking, Josh, there's no way Target is tracking all of that and knowing, but they are. My friend actually works at this location and he logged in and showed me their stats on Black Friday and they have everything tracked. They have their average order value, their conversion rate. They know how much how many how much people are spending. They know everything. They're tracking it. Like, it's just like a funnel. And so, they know exactly how much money it's added on when you go and you purchase one of these products that are right here at the checkout. So, they know what they're doing. And so you're like, "Okay, Josh, but how did this help you master getting 40% take rates on some of your bumps with your low tok offers?" Well, what I started looking at, I was like, "Okay, why do these work well?" Like, "What gets people to purchase these?" And when it comes to info offers, what I found is people with their order bumps just throw in random things and also upsells. This can be your upsells, your oneclick upsells, but specifically order bumps, people add in like random things that don't even make sense or don't even align with what's with what's on the front end. And what I realized is that Target, they're very strategic with what that what they're putting in the aisle. You know, they would be it wasn't just random things like a a pot or a pan. It was snacks, right? You got to go. Maybe you're hungry. It's a snack. It makes sense. If you're shopping, maybe you're hungry, maybe you don't want to wait until you get home. So then you can go here and purchase some beef jerky and you get some protein in. Or maybe it's like guilty pleasure. They know sugar, right? You're addicted to sugar, so they have candy. Or it's batteries. Oh, shoot. I forgot we need batteries at home. It's always simple add-ons where it doesn't need to be much thinking. It's not random. And so with your order bumps, you want to think, okay, on my front end offer, like let's say it's a master class, what's a simple thing I can add that will accelerate or go with on the front end to get them the result faster and better, more enjoyable of an experience. So if it's a master class, we know that people are going to watch it, but they might watch it all. Or if they watch it, they're going to need help implementing it. So for our master classes, we'll add in bumps like temp bullet swipes, tools, and worksheets that go with the master class. So it's a simple add-on that makes sense. I'm not adding on a whole another course. I'm not adding on another thing that just makes it more confusing or doesn't go with it. And so I started thinking, okay, what are simple add-ins that don't need much thinking? If your order bump requires thinking and or education, do not sell it. It needs to be an add-on to what's on the front end. Do not really sell something new or something really different, just something that's better than or speeds things up. Okay? And Alan Sultanic talks about this a lot in his upsell matrix post and nothing help but there's the upsell ma matrix better than different then uh and there's a couple other things but I'm always like how can we get them the result faster on the front end people always want to move faster uh and make it more enjoyable and so that's how I come with my order bumps and that's how target helped me master it and just as a kid I would just be looking like okay why do they have candy here why do they have food why do they have these things like it seems so random but random but I remembered like oh these are easy decisions to add on to my existing purchase like food and tools and little things that you kind wouldn't go out of your way to find, but if it's in front of you, you're like, "Oh, I need this." So, think of how can I add impulse buys to my order bumps? How can I add on things that make sense with the front end and get them result faster? And if you can do that, then you can be like me and our offer where we have a 40% take rate uh and higher on some for products that range anywhere from $17 all the way to 67. So, appreciate you guys. Thanks for watching. If you have any questions, let me know in the comments and I'll see you next week going offline. Get ideas for online businesses. Peace out.


╔══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╗
║  FONTE: How I Get Highticket Clients For Free [-nqAZw8JcMo].en.txt
║  VÍDEO: How I Get Highticket Clients For Free [ Nqazw8Jcmo].En
║  ADICIONADO EM: 04/08/2026
╚══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╝

Right now, you're probably spending anywhere from $300 to $600 to book a sales call on your calendar. But for the sake of this video, let's just say you're spending $400. So, if you paid for 10 people to book a call, that would be $4,000. [music] Statistically, four of those calls are going to no show or be unqualified, which means you spent $1600 on somebody who will never give you money. Now, out of the six who do show for the call, if your closes are good or if you're good at closing deals, you might get one of them to give you money, which means [music] you spent $4,000 just to get one client. Now, of course, if it's high ticket, the math may make sense, but at scale, after paying your closers, [music] taxes, and your ad costs, you start to see your profits start to shrink. Now, what if I told you there was a way to actually make money off all of the 10 people who booked a call with you? What if before they ever got on your calendar, they actually gave you money, meaning that your show rate would go up, your close rate would go up, and even if they weren't a good fit, you were still [music] liquidating your ad spend. Now, I've personally helped architect over 800 low ticket call funnels that do exactly that in almost every single market imaginable. And I'm not just doing consulting or agency work. I have offers live right now with my own [music] ad accounts, my own credit cards, my own money on the line using the same strategies that I'm going to share with you today. So, without wasting more time, let me break down exactly how we're doing this with low ticket call funnels. Now, before I share my screen and walk you through what one of these funnels looks like, so you can just copy me, I want to help you understand the principle and the philosophy behind this type of funnel, so you can see why we start with this instead of a webinar or a VSSL, all those other structures that require you to spend thousands of thousands of dollars to get a client with no liquidation in return. Now, when it comes to low ticket call, it really accomplishes two main goals for me. Number one, it's allowing me to liquidate my ad spend. So, I can put $1 in and get $1 back. And when you can do that, you essentially are getting ad spend for free. Facebook is actually giving me my money back so I can spend it again, reinvest it as fast as possible. I'm not waiting for a high ticket client to pay me for me able to scale my ad spend, which allows me to outspend my competitors and cut my overall CPA in half. Now, the second benefit of using a low ticket call funnel, the second principle it accomplishes for us is it actually increases the intention of the prospects coming through the funnel. Which means instead of someone just opting in, filling an application to show for the call and you just hope they show up, you hope your offer is good enough. No, these people have already given us money, which means the show rate goes up and so does a close rate. If you were to go to your sales team today and just ask them and say, "Hey guys, would you rather talk to somebody on the phone who's already given you $50 or $0?" Every single rep is going to ask for the person who's already given the money. Why? Because the intention is higher. They're literally already bought in. So, I don't know why you'd rather get someone on the phone who's giving you $0 when you can get someone on the phone who's already giving you $50 after going through the low ticket to get callunnel. So, those are really the two foundational reasons why I only use low ticket to get call funnels in 2026 and have been for the last 2 years. So, now that we understand the principle and the philosophy behind why we use these types of funnels, let me just jump into my ugly Figma board here. I'm sorry, I'm not fancy like everyone else you see on YouTube. These are actually Figma boards from the weekly live streams I host on this channel. But it's enough to show you what's going on. Now, the first thing I want to make very clear to you guys is that low ticket offers attract high ticket clients. They just do. If you do it right and you follow this process, it will work. You can see here, this is a screenshot from one of our high-res accounts, and we are closing $18,000 products and offers from a $17 front-end offer. So, if you're coming here like, Josh, take offers to attract lowquality buyers. No, you just launched a terrible front-end offer with terrible messaging and you're getting terrible leads in the door. I don't want to hear, "Oh, it's because of price point." No, that doesn't make any sense. If that were true, how are we closing 18 18 14 13 12 11 9 8 7 like how how is it possible? Well, it's possible because I actually have good messaging, which we talk about here on this channel. Now, when I talked about the math and the overall cost per call, I really want to show you from another example from an offer that I own. Again, my own credit card is attached to this. I know a lot of people you listen to, they're just doing agency work. They can chill and throw all these ideas out to you because it's not their money. They don't have to risk it. It's not and they're not using your money. Guys, this is what I'm doing right now. This is how I run offers. Not in bisop, not in helping coaches and consultants in markets that are totally different from the market you're in right now. This is what we are running. So, you can see here in this offer, our CPA, our cost to acquire a front-end buyer is only $41. The true cost isn't $41 because remember with the low ticket funnel, we're liquidating our money, meaning I have more than just one product in the funnel. I have a front-end offer. I have order bumps which allow me to make back my money. So, if we were to look at the true cost, my true cost would actually only be $7.75 because with our AOV is $33. What we do is CAC minus AOV equals $7.75. Which means, to dumb it down for all you guys who suck at math, kind of like myself, I only have to spend $7.75 to get a customer in the door. Most of you guys have to spend double that to get someone to give you their email to attend a free webinar. And only 20% of those leads show I'm getting a customer for half of your cost per lead on a webinar that's actually pulling out their credit card and paying me money. Whose pixel do you think is better trained with better customers? I'll let you decide. cost per call. Like we talked about the industry standard, $300, $600 per cost per call. That's pre-lquidation. We spend pre-lquidation $299 to get a person to book a call coming through our funnel. After liquidation, because remember, I'm liquidating my money in my OO here. We're actually only spending $60 to get someone to book a call. So, my net cost per call is $60. Again, most of you guys are spending $600. Mine is 60. That's the power of this type of funnel. Now, what does this funnel actually look like? Well, let me break it down to you. Again, I have this other Figma board I used before. Let me just go ahead and remove some of the stuff so that you guys can see it and it makes sense. But this is a screenshot of one of my offers. Now, the stats I showed up here, these stats are not for this funnel. I'm going to show you a funnel that you can actually go to clients forfree.com, which is for my personal brand. This is not the same one. This one up here I keep private. It's a market that I like to keep to myself. I always believe secrecy is the best moat. Just like you wouldn't share your offer publicly. I'll share my stats. I'll share examples, but I'm not going to leak what market that is just yet. But this is just an overview of the type of funnel. So you get a visual image cuz they both look the same. So it's very simple. There's only three steps. We have the sales page, we have the order form, and then we have a book a call page. Now, if I were to zoom into this just a little bit, you can see the sales page is a direct offer. We're saying, "Hey, here's our product. Here's how much it costs. Give us your email address, and I'll take you to the order form." We do it this way where you opt into the order form. You can take it out. We've also done it, too, but it's very simple. And again, you can go to clients forfree.com to see an example of what this looks like. And I'll also show you some other examples, too. Now, the second page is just an order form. With it being the order form, you go here, and this is where the bumps are. So, you can see here, this is a bump. And then you have this being a bump here. So, on top of selling them the core $97 offer that we sell on the front end, we give them the ability to add on two more products. And this is what allows us to increase our average order value, meaning we're getting more money per customer every time we acquire one. And then after they buy, we take them to the book a call page. Now, the book a call page is very simple. It's a VSSL with an embedded type form or a calendar or a button to open it up with some testimonials. And this is where we pitch our high-end backend offer. The book a call page pretty much just the same other than the opener as your current VSSL book a call funnel. So, if you're like, Josh, what do I say in this video? Well, one, you can go through mine and just look at it. Or two, just keep it very similar to one you have right now and just change the opener to say, hey, congrats on buying your product. We want to let you know about this next thing. I actually have a video on how to do upsells secrets master class on this channel. We'll link it below or you can go search it and watch it. But that's the overall structure. Okay. So, now that you understand the flow and the steps of this funnel, let's actually break it down and talk about what to sell at each step inside this funnel. Now, starting with the front-end offer, aka the offer we're selling on the front end, the core offer. There's five different formats I call my five winning loed offer formats that crush it across the 800 plus offers that I've done. Now the first one is tools and templates. This is very self-explanatory. You just say, "Hey, what is a tool I can give them? What's a template I can give them? Swipe file, add templates, website templates, whatever could be a tool or template." Very easy to do that. Works super well. The other one we can do is just a 1-hour master class. Okay, so this is really just, hey, 1 hour long. Teach them the master class, walk them through how it works. We usually just use Google Doc and Haleoom video and you can sell that. The other one is a paid case study. So, if you've accomplished anything that's admirable to your market that they might want to learn from, like example, if I were to document how, you know, we cut us our CPA in half from a VSSL to low ticket with a low ticket call funnel, I could sell you a case study on it and you'd probably buy it because you want to know how it works. The other one we can do is an evergreen challenge. This is my favorite. This is pretty much a course. Chop it up. Instead of saying modules, call it day and sell it as a challenge. That's a really easy one. And then the other one is a low ticket done for you offer. So, think about, hey, what's something I can sell for $97 or a little bit higher? and we get sold delivered done for you. So for clients forfree.com, the one I'm showing you right here, this is a low ticket donefor you offer for $97. I'll personally create your low ticket offer with bonuses, bumps, and upsells 100% done for you so that you can get high ticket clients for free. Little promo there. If you guys want that, click the link below or go to clients for free.com to swipe my funnel and to purchase my product. But that's the five different formats that you can start with. Now, when it comes to the order bumps, it really depends on what you pick here. And we'll do a separate video on order bumps. Make sure to subscribe and also join us on our weekly live streams on Tuesday every single week. But what we do for our order bumps would change, right? Usually it's tool templates, swipes or additional things on top of it. But you just want to think, hey, what are some things I can add that would speed up the result they got on the front end and those would turn into your bumps. Now, of course, the book a call, this is just your high ticket offer. And so you would just structure it and say, hey, just like your current VSSL, here's our high ticket offer. Go ahead and book a call. Great. So now we figure out what we should sell. We know the three steps. We have our order bumps in place that speed up the Resolva front end. We have our book a call calendar there. That's great. But the problem is if you were to run this, you would see that only 20% around only 20% of people who purchase the front-end product here will actually book a call from this page. Only 20%. So the question is how do we increase that? Well, we do this through our back-end ascension systems. Okay? So these are what I call my ascension systems. These are all different ways that we ascend customers from the front-end offer to our high ticket offer on the back end. So the first one is through email. All right, we just do email very similar to how you do it for your other funnels, but after they purchase their product, what we do is for the first five to seven days, we actually try to just get them to go into the product. We try to get them to consume it because inside our members area, we have CTAs and called actions to the back end. So we call these activation emails. So just write five to seven emails which will just get them to go use a low ticket to get offer and at the end of the emails have a soft CTA saying hey book your call if you're interested in XYZ but we're just trying to activate them after that first 5 to 7 days then we would put them into our broadcast series where it's testimonials it's value emails it's YouTube videos and case studies and with call to actions there. My favorite one is the weekly webinar that we run. So every single Tuesday I actually have one today we run a webinar where it's framed as a fasttrack call. All right. So, we call a fasttrack call and it's a very simple call to run. All that we do is we get on here, we onboard them and we get them to book a call. Now, the structure I actually have it over here. It is very simple. We do an introduction, introduce who we are. We ask them a question and get engagement. We onboard them, make sure they're all into the product. We open a loop saying we have something at the end for them, which is the ability to book their call. We do a simple training, which just summarizes everything that was in the frontend offer that they already bought. We have CTA to book a call, and then we do Q&amp;A. These last about 30 minutes. So, we do them at Tuesday at 5:00 PM CST and they're very simple to run. On this call, we have a 75% show rate and 50% of people book a call just from that webinar. So, if you had to pick any two of these to run us back in ascension systems, I would pick these two right here. These are the best ones to start with. Just use those. And then these are additional ones where you can have setters dialing. This brings some lift depending on the market and then also your members area having CTAs inside your members area to the back end. And so, that's how we are sending people there. Now, most people think when you do a low ticket funnel, you would have it look like this, where you have the front end, the order bumps, then you have upsell one, downell one, upsell two, down cell two, upsell three, down cell three, and then book a call. But, as you can see here, at each one of these X points, you'll have people drop off. And so, the reason this funnel works well is it's built for speed. We're quickly getting them through the product. We're liquidating the spend. We're getting them to book a call. Everyone that books a call is a buyer/ show and they close better. And this is how we are able to turn $17 buyers into $18,000 clients using a low ticket callfunnel. Now again, the only way you're going to be able to turn a $17 buyer into an $18,000 client is if you have the right messaging, the right copy, the right offer that actually makes sense to your market and aligns and leads them or speedruns them to your back-end offer. So, please keep that in mind with this model. Or yes, you will get a lot of people buying your offer and booking a call, but they're going to be terrible leads on the phone. opponent. So, it's important that your messaging is actually attracting and speaking only to the people you want coming through the back end. Cuz what you see in the back is what you attracted on the front. It's no one else's fault to blame other than yourself. It's not because the price point. It's because of your messaging. Now, for a lot of people, this could look like you're selling a business opportunity and you're like, why are all the people getting on the call lower quality leads or they just can't afford us? Well, chances are in your messaging, you're speaking to people that don't have money. You're saying, hey, do you want to make money? You want to start something new and do this full-time this or that. You're attracting people that aren't doing anything full-time. They probably don't have a job and so they're not making any money. But if you were to speak to people who already have a 9 toive job, who are in the corporate life, who want to side hustle or an investment, you're talking people that have money, that are momentum, and are going to be better prospects. So, as you can see, the messaging really attracts and affects who you attract through the funnel, which I mean, we all should understand. If we're marketers, it applies the same way. It's a VSSL webinar, or a low to your call funnel. It's always the same. And guys, I don't care what market you're in, whether it's wealth, health, or relationships, your competition are launching these funnels. And I know because they're coming to me and paying me to do it in almost every single market imaginable. And so, while you're spending $300, $400, $600 to book a call, we have clients and people like myself spending $60, which allows us to outspend you, out compete for you. And like Dan Kennedy always said, the person who can spend the most to attract a customer always win. And if I can spend the least to attract the most customers, I'm going to win in this race. and so are my clients. And so will you guys when you take the structure and use it for yourself. And I'm not here to say that VSSL funnels don't work. I'm not here to say that webinar funnels don't work. I'm not here to say that you can't use a challenge funnel or all these other funnels out there. They work. I've seen them work. But at scale, the math starts to break. And so all I'm doing is simply picking a model and a method that allows the math to make sense. So I can scale. If you knew from the get-go that something was going to break as you grew it, why would you start it in the first place? If you knew that your cost per call would double, triple, quadruple as you spent more on ads with VSSL callunnel, why would you scale into a broken model? If you're looking at the brands that I consult and work with that are doing $1 million, $5 million a month with their offers and they're all running. They are absolutely running to launch one of these funnels. Why would you look at that and say, "Oh, I'm going to ignore what the biggest and best people are doing and just stick to something that again, the math is going to break at a certain level." Don't do it, guys. Start with something that's going to last. Start with something that economically makes sense so that you won't launch your ads and then freak out when you're spending thousands of dollars to get a customer. So, if you want me to personally map out your entire low ticket to get callunnel front to back, including what to sell on the front end, what your bump should be and what the messaging should be at each step so you can actually attract the buyer that goes front to back, all I have for you today is a simple $97 offer at clients forfree.com. I will personally make a Loom video mapping this out for you, send it over to you in 7 days or less, and then you can build it out for yourself. I can only take on so many of these cuz again, it is done for you. You'll literally see me on a Loom videos talking about your offer and your name. So, there's no way to fake it even with AI. So hurry up, click the link below, order your low ticket offer launch plan today, and I will see you guys in the next


╔══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╗
║  FONTE: How I Run Profitable Lowticket Call Funnels Without Upsells ($1500 Consulting Call Clip) [80lm4v89Zdk].en.txt
║  VÍDEO: How I Run Profitable Lowticket Call Funnels Without Upsells ($1500 Consulting Call Clip) [80Lm4V89Zdk].En
║  ADICIONADO EM: 04/08/2026
╚══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╝

What are your I guess like expectations around or how do you approach the AOV game when you when you launch a book? Do you have a target in mind? Um yeah. Yeah. So first I don't run book funnels. I like I I haven't done a book in forever. So my front end products I don't lead with books anymore. Mainly for the markets I'm in. It just doesn't make as much sense. And usually we're launching with speed for a brand. And so the last thing we want to do is do a book. Now I like love to do a book. I think they're fire and like why not like branding wise and like status wise 100%. But it's all the same. You low ticket is low ticket. So the one thing with AOV boosting and how I approach my mindset is if the goal is ascension then that's the goal and no longer am I focused on AOV boosting. And the reason is like we can pull spend all this time trying to get our upsell like for example upsell one from 15% to like 20% or grinding our order bumps to try to squeeze an extra few percent out. But we look at the grand scheme of things it's like all right if we compare that versus getting our ascension rate from 3% to even just 4% of frontend buyers to backend clients way more profits coming from there. So I'd rather I'm just going to put all my focus on that. Now, for some of our publishing deals where we have, and we'll talk about how I set up my deals in a second, but for some of our publishing deals where we're doing a we fund the ads, we keep 100% of whatever comes to the low ticket and we only get a cut of the back end. We are incentivized to try to lose as little as money as possible on the front end because I don't want to be deducting like my team, I do like a net uh profit split. So, we deduct the ads and then it gets distributed between us. So, I'm incentivized like, hey, let's try to get as much on the front end as possible. But even then I'm like doesn't matter because when we looked at it's like today we were literally running these numbers and I'm like all right we're at like a point we at a point seven return on the front end and we were like the looking at the back end stuff okay do we try to put an upsell in there do we try to get to a one to one return or does it like up by.5 but then we were like due to the math it's like all right we are currently ascending at like a 3% let's just put our effort to get to 5% we'll make way more money and so we're like all right we're going to focus on that. So that that's how I approach it if the goal is ascension. Now I do believe that having upsells and order bumps and like micro commitments throughout the upsell path does result in an easier conversation and close on the back end 100%. Like people who buy it get offer they are always the people who added on an additional thing to their order. Very rarely do we see someone purchase the backend offer who only grab the front-end product with no upsells. So, I 100% know that we need them because it increases intent. There's just something about it. I don't know. It's just the micro commitments or whatever psychology behind it. And so, what we're ripping right now that we're like we're at a point seven with like the phone I'm talking about right now. And we just have a front-end product that's $17 and then we have three order bumps and then right to book a call. So, we're getting a.7 without a single upsell page. Like I have an order form or front end page, order form and then we have a VSSL like call page and a thank you page. And I started doing this main out of speed. So I was like I was doing client work at the time and I was like bro like having to write frontend VSSL frontend TSL and upsell one VSSL TSL upsell two like so I kind of got I was like you know what this plus I was like we get to the call booking page and we have drop off because not everyone ever sees every single page and so everyone's just dropping off. I was like, "Okay, we're not accomplishing the goal." So, that's why we switched to Ascension. And so, I've been able to consistently get our funnels at least over a.5 um with with just having a few order bumps. And if anything, what we're going to be testing is front end, three order bumps, book a call, and then an upsell. So, we already got them on the calendar. Hey, one last thing before you go, right? Like, hey, based on your your questions, like we think you'd love this. like if you like this then you're gonna like this. And so I know one other person who started testing that and it was like adding like an additional like5 to10 dollars to their order which is like you might as well like I already got them on the calendar. So that's one way we're going to be boosting AOV if anything. But right now we're just like focus on how can we just squeeze it from just the order bumps. And so that's how I approach AOV maxing on the front end right now if anything. Like I don't really care about too much cuz we have like a funnel that you know was ripping. We launched it brand new and we did like I think we just crossed like 100k cash in the back end but like our front end we're only like point we're only at like a point4 return.3 which is like you'd be looking at like dang but doesn't really matter because like we spent 40k and made like 100k on the back end. So like full funnel we're so profitable that we're just we're still running it. So, I just had to switch my intention with it and that just helped us scale a lot better.


╔══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╗
║  FONTE: How I'm Booking Highticket Sales Calls For $47 On Meta [Rc6zBroTanE].en.txt
║  VÍDEO: How I'M Booking Highticket Sales Calls For $47 On Meta [Rc6Zbrotane].En
║  ADICIONADO EM: 04/08/2026
╚══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╝

Hey, what's going on everybody? Welcome to today's live stream. If you're watching a replay, what's up? If you are live though, go ahead and let me know if my mic sounds K down below. We are rocking the corded mic today. Uh, but in this video, if you're watching the replay or watching live, I'm going to be walking you guys through my low ticket ascension call funnel that's currently booking us calls at a net cost around $60. I'm going to show you the math. I'm going to show you our numbers. I'm going to show you an example what this funnel looks like. And if you stay until the end, I'm going to show you guys how you can get access to uh one of my templates that allow you to plan out all the math to figure out how you can run a funnel like this profitably. So, uh if you guys, make sure you request that. And if you are watching the replay, you can go ahead and comment down below, too. But I'm just curious, all you guys who are watching live, uh go ahead and test this down in the chat. Say what's up. Let me know what market you're in, what offer you're running, uh what it is that you do. I'm going to pull up my board here. I got my Figma board that we're going to go through with everything in it. I'm curious to know just where you guys are coming from, what offers you're running, uh, just so I can get a better idea of how to relate this to you. And then we are going to jump into my sick little Figma board here. Some templates and examples for you guys. Um, if you guys didn't see, uh, last week we went live. We do a live every single Tuesday here on this channel. Last week, I went through and I broke down the five winning offer formats. I'm going to talk more about the funnel and the flow. But if you're still on like, hey, I need to know what my funnel should look like or offer I should lead with. Should it be a template? Should be a tool, a milestone offer, a challenge, this and that. Um, you guys can go watch the last video. So, I'll make sure to link that down below. You can go to the live section of my channel and it should be there. Hey, what's up, Cole? Good to see you, brother. Glad that you are here. Uh, but yeah, and what's up, Trip? Good to see you. Good to see your name as always. Uh so yeah, if you guys haven't seen the last one, make sure to go and check that out too. Uh it already has almost a thousand views in like a week or so, which is popping. People loved it. And we also give you guys a whole document from that one. But if you say this end of this one, we also have another document, a whole Google sheet for you. What's up, Chris? Good to see you. Good to see you guys. Thanks for jumping on. Glad you guys are here. Um but let me just pull up this board here and then we're going to jump right into it. Go ahead and let me know also down below, guys, what market you're in, what offer you're selling. Always want to know how I can relate this to you so it's very applicable to your current situation. Um, let me pull this up here. Okay, sick. So, I'm going to share my screen just a second here. I want to make sure you guys can see this. All right. All right. Perfect. Then we go like this. personal finance niche. Awesome. Getting the gems. Then I gotta go do my live at one. That's what's up, Cole. Glad to see you're cooking it. Um, awesome, guys. All righty. Well, let's jump into this. Again, if you guys stay to the end, make sure to request the template I'm going to share in this uh that you got that you guys can take and use. I'll make sure to send it over to you and drop the link in the live chat. If you are watching the replay, make sure to comment doc or actually comment sheet down below and you're watching the replay, then we'll send over the sheet. last video you comment doc we sent that to you already so um let's get into it but in this video guys what we're talking about is our low ticket call funnel that we're currently running right now not inside of bisop that is currently booking us calls at a net cost of $60 now when I first posted this uh we were at a net cost around $47 to $50 yesterday we had a slower day and so the cost went up but I want to give you guys updated real numbers but even then if we think about that net cost means that's how much actually spending after liquidation to get a book call. That's insane. To give you an example, one of the offers we're running for a market for one of our clients that's doing over $5 million per month, the cost per book call for their VSSL funnel is anywhere from $800 to $1,000. That's their net cost. Most VSSL call funnels, you know, 300, 400, 500, 600. That's pretty normal. And I'm curious you guys watching or maybe you're just watching the replay or here live. Let me know. I'm curious what like historically has been your cost per book call when you're running a straight VSL funnel or a DM funnel or anything other than a low ticket funnel. Chances are it's probably going to, you know, be in that area of the 300, 400, 500. And if it is anything lower than that, you know, that could be unqualified. I'm talking about qualified call. That means people that get through the DQ actually are qualified, show up to the call. What is that cost for you? Um, and again, historically for most clients are consulting, it's a lot higher there. And so that's what I want to really break down you guys. I show you this funnel because the math always wins. It's funny. We had some guy um I posted on X the other day. If you guys follow if you don't follow me, make sure you go check that out. I posted on X the other day and I was sharing the math behind this. I'll pull up my screen here so you guys can see this. Share my screen. Entire screen this. All right. So, I made this post here and I was sharing just our math, our math and our funnel and some guy made a post where he was talking about how like his VSSLs like are still work and very profitable and he was trying he he was pretty much saying or trying to say to me that I was saying that VSSLs don't work. I was trying to call me out for that and be like, "Hey, VSSLs do work. This, this, and that blah blah blah." And I was like, "Brother, I did not say VSSLs don't work." Right? Like you're saying, the math always wins here. VSSLs don't work. Like, I've never said VSSLs don't work. So, if you guys are coming here and you think I'm going to be pushing this propaganda that VSSLs don't work, you're wrong. VSSLs do work. They work very well. Direct call funnels print. And so, like in terms of like working, they do work. Like I said, one of our clients we consult, they're doing low ticket to get four. They're doing over five million a month. and they have a VSSL funnel. So, I know they work. I've seen it how they work. There's not we're not going against it, okay? But the one thing that does not compare is the math. And so, you know, even he says and clarify, he's like, "Yes, I need a little funnel. The math does win." But I was like, "Hey, dog." Like, I didn't say it doesn't work. I just said the math always wins. Yeah, they work like crazy. So, I want to just get out of the way for you guys. No, nothing against whoever this is. uh or whatever they're doing. But I just wanted for you guys to know that I'm not here to knock VSLs. That make sense? We're all on the same page with that. Cool. So, we're not here to knock VSLs. I'm just here to show you a funnel that has better math. All right. I'm just going to show you a flow that's currently getting us a 10 like so much lower cost per call where you could never convince me to run a direct via cell funnel ever again. Like I I'm like you could never convince me to just go straight into the market with a direct BSL call funnel. Um unless I don't know why you would, but if I did, I'd be dragging my feet and I would not be excited about it because running so many of these now and building so many of these and see the math behind so many of these you like there's I can't do anything else. And guys, the biggest people, they all know this. They know the math is broken at scale with the VSSL funnel. like it doesn't last doesn't last forever. If you could see the names of the people who are in my DMs scheduling consulting calls, which we do, we do I do one hour consulting calls and packages. If you saw the names of the people who are coming booking these calls, people you look up to, people you pay a lot of money to who are saying, "Hey, our VS Cell funnel isn't that profitable. I'm not taking home that much money. I need a low ticket funnel." You would immediately drop everything you're doing and follow their lead because they know the people have gone super far ahead. If you know that the path you're taking using a VSSL funnel at scale eventually breaks, like what would you rather do? Would you rather start solving for that problem now or just continue going down the path pretending you don't know that it leads to you falling off a cliff? And you can do that. You can enjoy it for a little bit. But again, once you start pushing the ads cost going up, show rate starts going down, lead quality is an issue, you start paying out your closers, taxes, um fulfillment costs, what's left over afterwards isn't that much. And so your highest cost in your business and especially direct response is normally going to be your marketing acquisition cost and also your sales cost. So those two biggest ones. So the nice thing about the funnel I'm about to share with you is we eliminate the first one. So our really only cost our sales team and obviously fulfillment is very passive in that way. But that's how we cut those costs there and make it a lot better. So that's what I want to walk you guys through here today. Now when I say VSSL funnel, yeah, I just mean going add to optin to VSSL or add to application funnel. That's what I mean by a direct VSSL funnel in that way. Um, now what I'm going to share with you guys is what I like to call load to get call funnel. You call load to get ascension funnel. It's how we build all of our current funnels right now and how we set it up. It's very simple. It's three steps, very easy for anyone to build. And I'm going to share with you guys an example of one of mine. I'm not going to show you the one that we're running right now for our other brand because I don't like we want I always like follow the thing of like hey secrecy is the best moat and so I want to be here and share with you guys and give you advice and help you level up but I also have to do my due diligence and protecting our brands making sure that we're not inviting everyone in the whole free world to try to come into the market and just steal everything word for word but I will show you one of our funnels that it's mine that you've seen that you guys can copy for yourself. Does that sound good? Everyone ready? Drop a one down below if you're ready to jump into it into this training. Again, if you stay to the end, I'm gonna send you a Google sheet that we normally keep for our private clients, but I'm gonna send over to you guys uh if you stay to the end. So, I'll make sure to have that for for you. But let me show my screen and we'll get into this Figma board. So, walking through the math here. This is a screenshot from today. These are updated stats on our current funnel. Oh, shoot. Here we go. Our current funnel right now. You guys see this? All right. So right now we have a with this current loyalty funnel we have a CPA of 41. That's our cost per acquisition. So what that means is it costs us $41 to get someone to buy our $17 product. So we're leading with a $17 product on the front end. Now our net CPA meaning after our AOV because right now our AOV is $33.60. Our net CPA so our true cost to acquire a customer is not $41. It's only costing me $7.75 right after that liquidation. So day one, that's the only thing I'm losing. So I'm saying $7.75 to get a buyer. And again, also I want to shout out when I say I am I also mean just like I have a team. We have amazing uh one of our students actually trained up hired him. He is like what I say our junior CMO. We have a marketing manager, an officer, a center be like, I have a team that helps with this. So, credit where credit's due. I am leading a team to these outcomes and they're awesome at what they do. And so, when I say me or we, that's what I mean. I don't want to sit here like some some freaking people you guys look up to like they'll be like, I did this, I did this. Like, bro, you have someone on your team who is doing it all for you. You got to give them credit. So, credit for the team, write and schedule these ads. Uh, I hang out more so on the offer side of things. the ascension on the back end and overall marketing and messaging and just turning our uh people in our portfolio into experts and gurus. So anyways, disclaimer there, but our net CPA $7.75. Our cost per call right now fullfunnel is $28.95. I round it up to $299. So our cost per call, that's what it is right there. But our net cost per call, we look at our net cost per call, we're seeing around $60. It's our net cost per call. So we look at what we're actually losing on money, divide that by what the actual cost is, right? On our we look at our P&amp;L, right? We lost $1,500 in ads so far. Our net cost per call is $60. That's it. So that's the math that's coming from our sheets. This sheet is a different sheet where we track everything. Uh I'm probably going to be giving that to you guys soon in a future video. So, make sure to come back on our weekly lives. Every single week, I drop a free asset for you guys. No opt-in required. So, make sure to stay for that. But that's the math. Now, let's talk about what this funnel looks like. Okay, so most people when they build a low ticket funnel, they add so many freaking steps in. Like a normal, like if you looked at traditionally what a low ticket funnel would look like, this is what it' normally look like, right? Let me get this up here. So, we'd have the front end sales page, then they go order form, right? All right. So, we'll go to order form. Then we have upsell one. Then if they say no to that, we have downell one, bro. Then we have right here, we go to upsell two. And then we have down cell two. Then, you know, if you're really freaky, we have people like go upsell three and I see people downell three. And this was very, very common back when the market wasn't that aware and people didn't care about upsells or have much buyers fatigue. And so, you'd see like Russell and the OGs, you know, ripping stuff like this. And then we'd have book a call or a webinar for the high to get off from the back end, right? That's this is normally what the traditional funnel path would look like. So we have one decision optin, second decision to buy. Uh third decision if they say no it's fourth decision, fifth decision, sixth decision if they say no, seventh decision, eighth decision if they say no to that. And then the ninth decision we're asking them to make is finally where we want them to go. Now you and I both know that the front-end funnel is not where we make the money. This is not where we're trying to make our money. We're not expecting to profit and make our living and enjoy the lifestyle we have from the front-end offer. We know this is for purely for liquidation and the reinvestment model. So if that's the case then that means the backend offer right the high ticket offer in the back end you know the 5k off 5k plus offer in the back end we know that this offer is where we make the money. This is where we're getting the profit. Correct. This is where you want people to go is a 5k offer. So, if we if our goal is get people to the 5K offer in the back end and we want as many people to get there, then why are we adding so many steps to get there? Like a lot of people, what they'll do, I'm pull my little marker here. What you don't realize is that when some people land here, there's going to be a drop off here. Only a certain amount of people are going to opt and go to your order page. Then there's going to be another drop off from this step. Then there's going to be another drop off from this step and then this step and then this step. And so as we're going through more and more people are dropping off every decision they make. I just think about funnels you go through. How many like how often are you actually staying and reading through your upsell or buying everything versus just going your email inbox? And so all these points are drop offs. These are blockages to getting to the high ticket. So, they have to get through one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, 10 before they can get to our high ticket offer on the back end. And so, you know, I looked at this and I was like, okay, this is too much friction. Plus, too many freaking pages to write. Like, think about it. That means we have to write a VSSL for this page, VSSL for this page, this page, this page, this page, this page, this page, and this page. We have to write copy for all these pages, design all these pages. Like, I don't know about you, but I'm not trying to do that. [snorts] Like, I've done it. It's a lot of work and a lot it sucks. And then guess what? Sometimes your upsell one is not going to work, so you have to come with a new one. You have to redo it. Your upsell two is not going to work. Like, it's not a guarantee that when you start that these are all going to go well. And so I thought to myself, okay, how can we get rid of some steps here and get more people to the backend offer? That was really my goal. And so what I started doing was I went through and I took out this entire middle step right here. So what makes me different than what everyone else is teaching and doing is I don't care about these steps here. When I first launch, my goal is to liquidate as much as possible with these two on the front end here, these two steps here, and get them to my back end as fast as possible. Now, you might be wondering, well, Josh, if you take out all these upsells here, how are you liquidating all this money and getting people to the like still to the back end? Like, if you take out the upsells, how are you making money? Well, what you got to remember is that on an order form or on the order form, you can have order bumps, right? You have order bumps. So, here, what I like to do is I just max out my bumps. So, I'll do about three order bumps on this page. So, our front-end offer here, like for example, for our existing one now, $17 and you get the order form, the bumps here, they equal up to, if we were to add them all up, $50 plus dollars. So, if someone were to buy the 17 plus the $50, they'd be spending almost $70 plus dollars. I think our bumps on this one actually order like if you do full bought everything usually I think it's like a $74 purchase so it's even worth more but I try to have the rule of thumb at least being over 50. All right, you guys following? You guys awake? Keeping up? So this how we do. We have a front end order form. Then we have three order bumps. These are just little check boxes on the page from this alone. As you can see from our stats up here, we are able to operate at a 0.81 81 return just on the front end without any upsells. That means again I'm only losing $7.75%.75 on each customer. But the best part is these customers even though I'm losing 20 cents on every dollar I spend, I'm willing to lose 20 cents because I know I'm not going to have all these drop off points. I've eliminated friction from the funnel and I've got more people to here. So now I only have to worry about one, two, three friction points instead of 10, which means more people are seeing my book of call via sell. More people are seeing my high ticket offer and we're making more money. You guys keeping up? So that's what makes what we do different than what other people do with low ticket ascension funnels. There's there's a low ticket funnel and there's a low ticket ascension funnel. The goal of this funnel is to liquidate and ascend versus other funnels where they're trying to actually like liquidate and try to profit. But in these days, it's very rare that I see that happening. And even if they are, it's like you're still you still want high ticket on the back end. So what does this look like in real life? Well, let's talk about it now that I've got that out of the way. Now that makes sense. Let's actually look at an example of one of these funnels. So this is one of our funnels I run for myself. It's under clients forfree.com. These are just screenshots. Some of these pages are longer, but as you can see here, I have a funnel. You have a VSSL on it, TSL below it. This is a $97 offer. So, if you watch my first the live stream I did last week, we talked about the offer here. We're talking about the funnel. We tell you what type of offer to pick for your market. For me, it made sense to do a $97 offer for this market. And so, that's what we went with. So, they get to this page, they opt in, and now they're going to the next step. Now, if we zoom in here, look at this page. You can see I have two order bumps here. All right. had two order bumps right here and then right here. The first order bump that we have here. Um like we have two order bumps. We saw them for 27 and 47ish dollars right now. And so we and then we also have an option right here. You can see there's like a little bump option where you get three launch plans for the price of two. And so full funnel it's like over $200 would be our AOV. And so this is where we're licking our money. So right now the front $97 like it'll cost you less than $97 to get a buyer. So with a $97 offer, you could run like lower fronting conversion rate, but you can get it to being higher profit or break even. But you don't always want to bet on it. And then after they purchase this, I take them to a page where it's gated. So this stuff, the button doesn't appear like this whole section right here on down doesn't appear until a certain point in the video. Make them watch uh the VSSL appear first. And then I've dropped a CTA. And so that's how you structure the funnel. You have the front-end sales page, VSSL, TSL, optin. You have the order form with the bumps. You page the gated VSSL. And then you get them to book their call and it drops down. Now, you can also do the model where it's an implementation onboarding call, but you have to understand you need to do a two-step sales process. Your offer needs you like over 7,000 $8,000 for the math to make sense. And you have to understand your sales team is going be dealing with a lot of low intent leads. And you have to understand that there's be a lower show up rate because getting someone to like if on this page when I say onboarding call, what I mean is there would be no VSSL, there would be nothing. It would just be saying, "Hey, schedule your call. Schedule your call um to just get things started." And then they book it and they take the confirmation page and there's no VSSL. They don't know an offer is coming and the setter is making the pitch on the sales call. You guys following? So that's what I mean by that. Either way works fine. Just understand it's a different game. One's a one-step call process, the other one's two. One has higher intent, lower volume. One has more volume, lower intent. Play the game that you want to play. It's up to you. All right. We run both right now. All clear in the funnel. Let's move to the backend systems now. So once we have a buyer in the door, we're not just betting on people converting on this page here because not everyone's going to book their call there. So we need to scoop them up. So there's four main ways that we're doing that. First off is through email. This is one of our biggest ones. Daily emails. The first week we're focused on activation emails. Get them into the product and the schedule call. So very congruent to their situation and what they just purchased. Then after that it's just the daily emails like you would do any other daily email on any other list getting them to book a call. The next way is through onboarding calls. So we do once a week to two times a week people can jump on with the founder. He goes through he does an onboarding call group session does a training and then pitches them to book a call. That works great. We just had a piff the other day from somebody who was on our call last week and we run these every single Tuesday. So, um, let me see here. I can show you guys. That's how we currently do it right now. All right. The other way is through setters and outbound and SMS. So, you're a setter making $100 a day to all the buyers and people who didn't finish their application. And then the fourth way is just in the members area, having CTAs within the content, within the community, getting them to book a call. So, in this funnel here, like up here, this one, if you're doing a um if you're doing the version where you have the gated VSSL, you want to be optimizing for about a 20% a 20% booking rate. If you're doing the other option, which is implementation call, then you looking at a 50% booking rate. Now, I know you're at all 50% that seems awesome. you probably get 70 or even higher. But just remember that this is be lower intent. Higher intent, lower intent. You choose your battle. Then these systems, we're going to scoop up another 15 to 20ish% on the back end over time. Sometimes it takes time for the average window, but eventually they get there. Okay, so that's that's how that part of the process works on the back end. I got to get my Figma board looking nice. Come on now. Missing lines here. So that is the overflow structure. If you guys have questions, we're going to do Q&amp;A at the end. So just bear with me and we'll get into that. Now let's talk about the funnel math. This is the sheet that I want to give you guys. It's a way for you to actually go through and play with the math to see what it look like for you. And so I'm going to walk you through how to use this. And then if you want this sheet, you guys can drop sheet in the comments below or if you're live, I'll just for you guys in the chat and you can make a copy of it. But there's three main sections here, right? We have our daily ad spend. Oh, shoot. Where is it? One second. Where are we here? Okay, let me see. Oh, I think I linked the bold itself. One second. Let me pull up the actual sheet for you guys. Let me pull this sheet for you guys here. All right, I got it. All right, you guys see this? All right. Yeah. All good. So the next part we have the ad performance, funnel performance, high ticket sales performance and the monthly balance sheet. All right, this how we just play with the math and get a general idea. Now in here you see here we do have options for if you are doing a upsells and things like that but but you can also ignore that just keep it at zero right now. So let's just say you're spending $1,000 a day. Let's say your CPC is $4. Let's say you're spend a lot of money off like $4 there or you know let's say you're better buyer at $3. Uh we look at this. You can keep all this the same and let's say your front end is converting at 5% take rate which that's ideal. You want like 5 to 10%. Let's keep your front end price at $27. So that's what you keep there. These are your order bumps. All right. So the order bumps we only have two in here. You can also treat this as an order bump if you wanted to. If you have three, just change the wording of this and do it like that. But for the sake of time, I'm just going to pretend we have order for $37 and that one's converting at 40% because that's where our bumps convert at. And then we have a another funnel or another offer that is for $27 that's converting at 40%. Which leaves me with an AOB of $52, which means I'm losing my net CPA is only around $8 to get a buyer. Okay, so that's what that math means there. Now, if we go to the high ticket perform sales performance, we can see the sheet where we can go through the math. So, we're getting seven buyers, 17 buyers a day. That's 500 a month. And let's say we're running the direct offer, the gated via cell model like I talked to you about. That's 20% booking rate. That's a that's 100 booked calls coming through the funnel. Now, let's say your show rates, you know, whatever. Let's say 75%. That's 75 actual calls. We look at our percentage of close rate. Most closes around 20%. Let's make your offer 9800. Let's say you're a baller. We look at here. Our cost per book call, not net, but cost is $400. Your high ticket CPA is 1,500 for $9,800 customer. That's how the math would pull out. Now, we go over to here. We look at our monthly funnel revenue. Our high ticket revenue. You can talk about, you know, incomplete uh high ticket payments, refunds, sales team, right? We got that factored in. This is us. We do publishing. So, you know, a lot of people have us come build their offers for them and get a cut. So if you have any growth operators tech, I don't have that in there. So that would change it. But then you can see here what your monthly net would be off $1,000 day in spend with a load ticket ascension fall. So that's the power of this, right? We're liquidating. We're making and only losing a tiny on the front end. We're still getting all the same metrics on the back end. It's the best of both worlds. And so that's why we run these funnels. The math always wins. Why would you rather have somebody get on the phone with your sales team who's giving you $0 versus someone who's giving you $50 or $100. Why would you rather spend $400 to get a book call liquidating nothing when you could be getting net cost of 60, right? That's what I mean when the math wins. Nothing biased, no hate of VSL funnels. I would just rather that situation. That's why I run the model and that's why it works so well. That's why the biggest names are coming to us who build these because they know that's the route that they need to go. So if you guys want that sheet, you guys can drop sheet in the comments below uh or here live. I want to do some Q&amp;A with you too so we answer your questions. So if you have any questions about lo ascension funnels, your offer in general, feel free to drop those now. Uh Cole says, "Hold lot of gems, new info for me." Awesome. Awesome. Freaky deicky upsell 3. Yeah, bro. We don't mess with upsell 3. But go ahead, let me know down in the chat what questions you have about this model, hesitency with launching your first offer or just anything in general, too. Um, we'll hit on that now. Do a little bit of Q&amp;A now. And then I'll also send a sheet once we get to the end here. Oh, shoot. And you guys, maybe you're like, "Oh, Josh, like does this work, Josh? Like, are you actively doing this right now?" Look what just hit. Let me cover this up. Shoot. I don't know how to cover it up really. We just got a piff from low ticket right now. This just happened um 38 seconds ago. 38 seconds ago from the low ticket offer. Does this work? Does it ascend? Does it 38 seconds ago? You tell me. Not bizop market. That's hard to sell in and it's working. Praise God for that. Always. Praise God for the win. Thank you God for that. Credit to my team. Everyone's crushing sales team. Well, this works. I have proof. 30 38 seconds ago. Boom. Inside of Shout out Have you done any low ticket funnels monthly school communities? Have I done any? Have I done any Lucas? Come on, man. Come on, man. Who do you think I am? Who do you think I am? Let me pull some up for you, buddy. Let me pull Sorry, I mean to call you buddy. That is just disrespectful. Let me pull you some up for you, my man. All right, my brother. Where, oh, where could this be? Where could this be? Let me pull this up for you. Ask and you shall receive, brother. I don't know if you guys can here. check. One, two. All right, you guys hear me now? Check check. We back. Hey, we back. You guys hear me? All right. All right, Bunny. Bro, YouTube is so dumb. Anyways, as someone was saying, as Lucas was asking, have I done recurring before? Yes, I have to school group. I will I can't play audio weird, but I'll send this in chat. You guys know Jeff Miller. Pretty much Jeff Miller says here, he talks about how much he's making for school group. We built him a low ticket offer called agency uh BTS. And this offer we ran the upsell is a recurring group. You guys can go through it. I'll send in a chat. But we got his school group to over $100,000 a month in recurring before uh just on cold traffic and we're liquidating on the front end. So very janky film, nothing fancy, but yeah, we scaled one of like groups fast with ads and most people and school games all that organic. They've never done ads. They don't use ads. And I was one of the first to crack with low ticket. And so we had a testimonial from Jeff uh from that. So yeah, we've we've done that one. It works super well using that same funnel. All that changes is the upsell goes from book call to do the recurring. Um, so Josh, these things I'd have to do for my offer. I would say for you Cole, like if once you're ready to run ads, I would. But to start now, if you're just grinding, getting validation, I wouldn't worry about too much because I know you're grinding the organic. But it's definitely one of the things when you're ready to start running ads that you'd want to get to. Do you have any ideas for order bumps for locksmith's training low ticket funnel? Um, what is like is what is what are you helping the locksmith people do? Let me see your channel. Let me see your channel. What do you teach? Okay. Locksmith secrets. Very interesting niche breakdown. Like this offer. Very very cool. We should talk. We should talk. Might have to publish you. I need to bring you down the portfolio. This is nice. I mean, what else? What are you teaching them? So, we have $27. What is this converting right now? Do you have any stats on this? Any stats? I wonder if uh if you're still here, brother. Locksmith secrets. You still here? Let me know before I keep asking you questions. But um okay, let's see here. Watch your 1K day auto locksmith hustle.com your job. So looking through your funnel. Make this smaller. Make this logo big. Take this just take out this logo all together. Make the thing red for the alert. Make this smaller. Um take this out and just say easy setup. No tech. um here you make this small error and then get instant access. What is Yeah, there's a lot of design you like you could fix and do lot like make sure it's not like AI but obvious market they're probably not super aware of things so they probably don't care but like if I were you I'd go to like a funnel designer who I can recommend you to and say hey like make this look better and just have them make it look better and keep your same copy and it probably cook but order bumps if you're teaching them how to start your order bumps are all around like getting clients if you don't have bumps it's just like I want to see what your bumps are right now um he's spamming So, I wouldn't do the what's you could do the one app, but I would do like templates. So, it's like pricing templates or you might need a pulse thing for your front-end bonuses, but it's like client gen pricing, branding, website templates, anything that's with like their profession, making them have like like I would like some of these offers I would do um yeah, usually it's pricing, how to price, position yourself online to have credibility, and then like or how to do referrals, how to get reviews, just think about all things like getting clients because they want to start making money. So that's what you want to do for an order bump. And then the insiders group. This would be like a upsell afterwards if you were going to do recurring. I wouldn't put it in the bump. You could I guess you could leave it as a bump, but it's like I just don't know what your back end is. So two to three% of front end. Yeah, I think you can get higher with those like overall changes I talked about. That should be like 5%. Are you running ads to it? Lockmith secrets or is that organic? It's organic and probably should be higher. For order bumps, do you know when the good enough to change? See, for order bumps, how do you know when the product is good enough to charge $27 plus? You do whatever. It doesn't really matter. Like, I just do 17 because I look at my market. I see what other people are doing and I try to do something different. But I also like I was talking to Blake Wyatt and we're going to start testing like pricing that looks more legit. That's like $12.95, right? So, looks like Amazon pricing, but like I just wouldn't go past $27. You could do 27, but I wouldn't go past it. They just price test every a thousand customers to see which one does better. That's when I change it. Thoughts on news with bisop offers? Yeah, I mean that's we do a bisop offer. A lot of my clients are in bisop. So, uh yeah, very normal. like how would you execute it? Same way front-end offer like our business office is front and off for $17, three order bumps all around like lead genen service packaging things like that and then we go right to book a call two-step onboarding implementation call and then have a second call where you close them. So just same I implemented the same way that I shared with you guys here already. What is your question exactly though? Maybe you meant something else. But that's how I would do it. If you guys have questions about your offer, low tickets in general, feel free to drop it below. I got you. Let's see here. Awesome. Thanks. Like, how do you sweet? Yo, what's up, Charlie? Good to see you, dog. Good to see you. But yeah, I would say um yeah, what's your time cold launch it? But right now, just stay on the course you have right now. Focus on the organic and then add this when you're ready to go to ads. Yeah, you can just recurring, but like for calls, call funnel, it's like the best right now. Pretty much all you're doing is you're just attaching in like a sales page and order form before your VSSL call funnel versus attaching a front end to liquidate it. So that's the beautiful thing about this model is you're not actually having to build that many more steps and you don't have to write a ton of copy to do it. Very very simple to get live. Can you link the sheet? Yeah, I'll be dropping the sheet sheet at the end. Do you think you're handsome? Lol. Oz, get this boy out the chat. Kick, kick, kick him. He's gone. He's gone. Just kidding. I'm joking. We're not kicking him. I appreciate it, bro. Thanks for calling me handsome. Yes, I'll drop this sheet at the end. Don't you worry. Again, for those of you just jumping on now, make sure to watch the replay. We talked about the low to get call funnel running right now to book calls around $60 net cost per call. Have my nice little Figma board up for you guys walking through everything. But for those you guys who are live looking at this process, what step is feels most daunting to you or unclear? If you're like, "Yo, Josh, like this this one step is like really this one's really freaking me out. I'm not sure what to do." Like what would you say that is for you? Let me get your chat out here, too, so I can see it as I'm going through this, too. No. Get out of here. Looking forward to inner circle live, man. Hey, fire, dude. Will Kale and Brett jump on? When Kale and Brett use to jump on, will it be like that again? I don't remember what that looked like. Maybe it'll be before I was in there. I don't remember exactly what that looked like. What do you mean? But yeah, excited for inner circle live. Should be good. got a good uh good call lined up for that in W University for everyone who's in the inner circle. If you've done over $10,000 a month, you can be a part of that call. Yeah, Dylan. Yeah, he probably used to run it. But yeah, we're going to do it very topical because right now like I'm consulting like some of the biggest people on Like I have a call this week, they paid for consulting call, one of the biggest offers on Have me come and consult. So there's things I teach them on that call that I then bring to you guys. And then I did one for the largest paid recurring community, consulted them. So we have a topic on that. And so we have a lot of like higher level topics for those of you guys who are on who are processing over $10,000 a month in that club that you guys will get. So that's my goal with this. Just share what I'm teaching like the highest people. Special guests teaching specific stuff. Ian you was on was crazy good. Um yeah, dude. We'll definitely have that. We want to bring in like special guests that are really across the board for a lot of people uh and like different people. So, I love interviewing people. So, um it'll be fire. We will definitely get that going. Let's see. I'm switching to W for payment process. I ag 100%. Appreciate you, Charlie. Thanks for jumping on, dog. Uh, hey Josh, would you run ads with a low ticket home seller and get listings to the back end? No. Wait, run ads with a low ticket seller and get listings to the back end. Oh, it's like a real estate offer. Yeah, I would think like what's a milestone offer on the front end? Like if I were you, go watch my live stream from last week and that sounds like a milestone offer, but yeah, I think that's fine. Like get get sellers and get listings or vice versa, whichever one they really want the most. Where do you see the future of funnels? I'm seeing low ticket everywhere and rising. I mean, the future of funnels is just like whoever can spend the most to attract a customer, which Dan Kenny has been saying forever, which that's why Load to get is so big because it's the one model that allows you to spend the most to get a customer. So, I think that's where it's going. So, you start with one offer, book a call, and once that's going, you add upsells after. Um, yeah, I like we will add upsells if we can't get the front end to liquidate. So, one of our offers, we ran like $300,000 or $100,000 in spend and we were only at like a 0.5 of the front end. So, we couldn't get it to cook with a front end offer and just a bump. So, now we're going to add in an upsell to get to break even. But, yeah, I just do front end. I just do the front end order bump and I won't add these in until later. And I just validate ascension because I want to validate ascension first so many people get there as fast as possible. So, um that's why that's why like what I showed you guys like works. Like again, like if you guys just on uh 11 minutes ago, we just got a piff from low ticket using this funnel I just shared with you guys. So, we only get piffs, too. People like, "Oh, low ticket only attracts low ticket buyers." Like, bro, why have like all our last month and this month only been pissed then? Okay. Like, no one's putting on payment plans. No financing, nothing. So you just have the wrong messaging your funnel. If that's the case inside school saying DMs book a call for it is better than having OTO page to check out what VSSL you need both have the VSSL to book a call and then also have a setter inside the we have both. You want to have both going so make sure you have both running. What's your take on going ascension for dating or for dating organic only or should I go straight to callfunnel and see how it goes? If you haven't validated your high ticket offer yet and sold it, then go sell it without the low ticket and then add a low ticket in front of it once you've sold and you got validation like you know you sold five 10ish units your high ticket and you know people actually want it. Still not back in WP. You got kicked out. Yeah. I mean, you must have like you probably kicked out your spamming too much or you said something wasn't good or something like I don't know. I don't run I don't run moderation. So, um you could talk to Tiana about that. Any news on offer publisher new version update? Yeah, we're working on it. Um, we're going to do like off publisher. We're working on it and it's going to be pretty like I'm trying to I don't know publicly but inside of it like I'm trying to just like go do cohorts with like who are serious with it to train people up to come into my offers and my team and so um we're going to have another version coming out probably at this point. It is looking like summer. I mean, it's like a Q2, Q3 thing, right? Current version is like good enough for what we need, but I want to do another version going into the fall or the summer. So, once like I'm just really focused on our publishing deals right now. And so, we're gaining a ton of insights and getting a lot of stuff there. And then we'll be able to come back to you guys and really deliver amazing V. I think it's V4, Offer Publisher V4, which will probably change the name, too. Uh, really? I thought if they don't book a call in the Otto page, then they get DMs trying to sell them against annoying. You're assuming that, right? It's annoying if you're being annoying, but there's other ways to reactivate them. Like I said, we do emails with value with CTAs. We do onboarding calls with the CTA at the end. We have setters calling them to like make sure you're logged in. In the members area, we have CTAs. So, you want to have everything you want to have right in the funnel and you want to have all the stuff on the back end. Now, I want to answer some more questions. I do have a call with somebody. They're doing a massive massive massive launch right now and they want to have a call with me. That's another big big account at So, I have to do have to go soon to help them with that. Um, but I'm going to put up a timer here. We'll do some questions rapid fire in the chat. Once this timer goes off, I'll be logging off. uh if at the end of this timer I'll drop the link to the sheet that I shared in this training so you guys can grab that. Uh and then also if you're watching the replay you can go ahead and comment sheet down below and I'll get that to you as well. And then also one thing I want to let you guys know as you guys are typing out your questions your last questions here. Uh every single month me and my team we take on one done for you load ascension build where we do everything for you even outlining your entire product. All you have to do is film it. We do one of these a month and this is just a way for us to vet out and find people who' be interested in us publishing them which means us paying for all your ads and doing everything. And so down in the link below you guys can head over to clients forfree.comdone for you uh and check out a video where I break down everything. Uh there's no place to book a call. I will review your application and text you personally if I think you're a good fit. Uh so this is really for the highest level people already have a high ticket offer. It's already validated. This is not a cheap offer for people who are just getting started. If you are getting started, I have other paths for you too like W University as well as their other uh you know low ticket launch plan. Uh but also if you're looking for a 1hour consulting uh if you go ahead and apply through there and just I'll text you and I'll send you a link for that as well. I have about four I'd say four or five hours left this month I have open for consulting. So, if you're interested in jumping on a call with me oneonone, asking any questions you may have or purchasing a package, you get all my internal SOPs and things like that, there's a route for you. But the best place, just go to clients forfree.comdone for you or just load offers.com. So, that's my one pitch. That's it. We got that out of the way. You know where to go. You guys are all marketers. You love clicking links. So, I won't be I'm sure you'll be there. But down below, we got one minute left. What last questions you have? Cole's got to run. Go do your live. Go crush it, brother. Excited to see what you do. Um, it's going to be fire. It's going to be fire. But yeah, definitely like Lucas, make sure you have all these things in the back end. Have you worked in catalog model, especially for backend instead of high ticket? Yes, I have. We do that for the interior design niche. Pretty much we just launch a new offer every single uh every single month. Teacher buyers sales to hire. Teach your buyers sales to hire or teach sales reps conviction. E- money, bro. What's up, G? You should hit me up in Slack. Bad word. I gota say it again. Also, you hit me up in Slack, bro. We got to chat. I'll give you all the sauce. Teach your buyers sales to hire or teach your sales reps convection. Conviction. Not sure what that means. I'm sure it's a fire question though. Would you rather hire someone for your community for a sales role? Oh, yeah. Yeah. Um or sales your Yeah. So, I think I would for sure if I feel my community that's one thing we're trying to do for our one offer is we're trying to get people like from our who are customers who are in the sales industry or can sell or are interested to come in. I know Warrior Babe, a lot of their original sales reps are all people who were their customers and that helps a ton like have a lot of conviction. So, I love that. Um, and but I also we have we have people on our team right now who are not our customers and are still selling it and can get bought in. So, I think it's a nice little bonus if it's there, but if you don't, it's fine. Like, you can still fix like a good sales rep, good sales trainer will make sure like they're dialed in even if they haven't really gone through on product. So yeah, let me know if you're having if you're bottlenecked there or have any questions on that um like with your existing setup. Just let me know and I have another option for you too that we can we can run to to fix that. So yeah, just let me know. Let me know what's going on there. But hit me up in Slack. I got you, dog. All righty, guys. Well, I gotta jump. It was a pleasure being here. Thanks for being here live. Uh, it means a lot. And oh, actually though, we're here's the thing. We're not going to jump yet. We have a few more questions. We're at five 56 minutes and I'm very OCD and I love when the recording says one hour. So, we're going to stop exactly an hour. So, you have four more minutes. Um, I love when the replay says that. But, let me get you guys the sheet, too. As promised, I forgot to do that. My bad. My bad. Let me pull up the sheet for you guys. Oh, no, no, no. Let me get a sheet for you as promised. Do you guys want the Figma board, too? Would that be helpful? Do you want the Figma board here? I'll just show the Figma board and have the sheet linked inside of it. Is that Is that okay? Let's use the Figma board. You guys like your Figma boards. You guys are Figma board warriors. Let me get the Figma board for you guys. Yeah, Figma. You guys like the Figma more? Okay. Okay, let me get it for you. Again, if you are watching the replay, drop sheets down below and I'll send that to you right away. If you guys haven't, make sure you watch the first live stream we did last week. That one we talked about how to pick your winning offer, and that's important like format because format matters. So, is it a course? Is it a master class? Is it a template? Is it a challenge? like there's so many ways you can take it. So, make sure that you guys go watch that too so you pick the right offer that's going to convert well. Okay. Let me know though if this Figma board works. If you guys can try that and just let me know. I'm going to pin it as well. Try that. Let me know if that works. I don't know if you guys can see it. All right. I see some of you guys jumping into it already. The template is at the bottom, just so you guys know. Yeah, looks like a few guys are getting. You should be able to just save it, screenshot it, and have that. And then I'll send you guys this Figma board, too, on the replay. But appreciate you guys. Thanks for jumping on and being here live. Again, if you're interested in having my team build everything out for you or consulting or just getting all of our internal processes, go ahead and go to lowteoffers.com or clients4free.com uhdone for you. It's all linked below, especially in the replay. You guys can go through there. Um, and yeah, I got to jump. I got to go. We got a huge huge client running a huge huge launch uh with And so, I'm going to go through jump on there and rip through your stuff. probably stuff with the low ticket as always. And then if you haven't yet, make sure to go to WAP University. Uh if you guys are wanting to find the best payment processor as well as win a plaque and get more additional training, uh I am a part of the team there. I run WAPU with Tiana. So, it's a great place for you guys who maybe are just starting out and can't afford some of my higher level consulting. Uh that is a little bit more expensive. So, that is always an option. And if you're an existing customer or student in my stuff, you know, always have your back. Always reach out to me. I'm in your corner and uh down to help you guys win. So, appreciate you all. And I will see you guys on the next one. Did the Figma work? Yeah, someone said someone messages saying it's not. I'll make sure it's good for a go. You guys got it. Drop a one if the Figma work for you guys. Just let me know down below. Uhhuh. All right. Looks like it's working good. Cool, guys. Appreciate you. I'll see you next Tuesday, 11 a.m. CST every single week here on his channel. Peace out.


╔══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╗
║  FONTE: How I'm Booking Highticket Sales Calls For -47 On Meta [Rc6zBroTanE].en.txt
║  VÍDEO: How I'M Booking Highticket Sales Calls For  47 On Meta [Rc6Zbrotane].En
║  ADICIONADO EM: 04/08/2026
╚══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╝

Hey, what's going on everybody? Welcome

Hey, what's going on everybody? Welcome
to today's live stream. If you're

to today's live stream. If you're

to today's live stream. If you're
watching a replay, what's up? If you are

watching a replay, what's up? If you are

watching a replay, what's up? If you are
live though, go ahead and let me know if

live though, go ahead and let me know if

live though, go ahead and let me know if
my mic sounds K down below. We are

my mic sounds K down below. We are

my mic sounds K down below. We are
rocking the corded mic today. Uh, but in

rocking the corded mic today. Uh, but in

rocking the corded mic today. Uh, but in
this video, if you're watching the

this video, if you're watching the

this video, if you're watching the
replay or watching live, I'm going to be

replay or watching live, I'm going to be

replay or watching live, I'm going to be
walking you guys through my low ticket

walking you guys through my low ticket

walking you guys through my low ticket
ascension call funnel that's currently

ascension call funnel that's currently

ascension call funnel that's currently
booking us calls at a net cost around

booking us calls at a net cost around

booking us calls at a net cost around
$60. I'm going to show you the math. I'm

$60. I'm going to show you the math. I'm

$60. I'm going to show you the math. I'm
going to show you our numbers. I'm going

going to show you our numbers. I'm going

going to show you our numbers. I'm going
to show you an example what this funnel

to show you an example what this funnel

to show you an example what this funnel
looks like. And if you stay until the

looks like. And if you stay until the

looks like. And if you stay until the
end, I'm going to show you guys how you

end, I'm going to show you guys how you

end, I'm going to show you guys how you
can get access to uh one of my templates

can get access to uh one of my templates

can get access to uh one of my templates
that allow you to plan out all the math

that allow you to plan out all the math

that allow you to plan out all the math
to figure out how you can run a funnel

to figure out how you can run a funnel

to figure out how you can run a funnel
like this profitably. So, uh if you

like this profitably. So, uh if you

like this profitably. So, uh if you
guys, make sure you request that. And if

guys, make sure you request that. And if

guys, make sure you request that. And if
you are watching the replay, you can go

you are watching the replay, you can go

you are watching the replay, you can go
ahead and comment down below, too. But

ahead and comment down below, too. But

ahead and comment down below, too. But
I'm just curious, all you guys who are

I'm just curious, all you guys who are

I'm just curious, all you guys who are
watching live, uh go ahead and test this

watching live, uh go ahead and test this

watching live, uh go ahead and test this
down in the chat. Say what's up. Let me

down in the chat. Say what's up. Let me

down in the chat. Say what's up. Let me
know what market you're in, what offer

know what market you're in, what offer

know what market you're in, what offer
you're running, uh what it is that you

you're running, uh what it is that you

you're running, uh what it is that you
do. I'm going to pull up my board here.

do. I'm going to pull up my board here.

do. I'm going to pull up my board here.
I got my Figma board that we're going to

I got my Figma board that we're going to

I got my Figma board that we're going to
go through with everything in it. I'm

go through with everything in it. I'm

go through with everything in it. I'm
curious to know just where you guys are

curious to know just where you guys are

curious to know just where you guys are
coming from, what offers you're running,

coming from, what offers you're running,

coming from, what offers you're running,
uh, just so I can get a better idea of

uh, just so I can get a better idea of

uh, just so I can get a better idea of
how to relate this to you. And then we

how to relate this to you. And then we

how to relate this to you. And then we
are going to jump into my sick little

are going to jump into my sick little

are going to jump into my sick little
Figma board here. Some templates and

Figma board here. Some templates and

Figma board here. Some templates and
examples for you guys. Um,

examples for you guys. Um,

examples for you guys. Um,
if you guys didn't see, uh, last week we

if you guys didn't see, uh, last week we

if you guys didn't see, uh, last week we
went live. We do a live every single

went live. We do a live every single

went live. We do a live every single
Tuesday here on this channel. Last week,

Tuesday here on this channel. Last week,

Tuesday here on this channel. Last week,
I went through and I broke down the five

I went through and I broke down the five

I went through and I broke down the five
winning offer formats. I'm going to talk

winning offer formats. I'm going to talk

winning offer formats. I'm going to talk
more about the funnel and the flow. But

more about the funnel and the flow. But

more about the funnel and the flow. But
if you're still on like, hey, I need to

if you're still on like, hey, I need to

if you're still on like, hey, I need to
know what my funnel should look like or

know what my funnel should look like or

know what my funnel should look like or
offer I should lead with. Should it be a

offer I should lead with. Should it be a

offer I should lead with. Should it be a
template? Should be a tool, a milestone

template? Should be a tool, a milestone

template? Should be a tool, a milestone
offer, a challenge, this and that. Um,

offer, a challenge, this and that. Um,

offer, a challenge, this and that. Um,
you guys can go watch the last video.

you guys can go watch the last video.

you guys can go watch the last video.
So, I'll make sure to link that down

So, I'll make sure to link that down

So, I'll make sure to link that down
below. You can go to the live section of

below. You can go to the live section of

below. You can go to the live section of
my channel and it should be there. Hey,

my channel and it should be there. Hey,

my channel and it should be there. Hey,
what's up, Cole? Good to see you,

what's up, Cole? Good to see you,

what's up, Cole? Good to see you,
brother. Glad that you are here. Uh, but

brother. Glad that you are here. Uh, but

brother. Glad that you are here. Uh, but
yeah, and what's up, Trip? Good to see

yeah, and what's up, Trip? Good to see

yeah, and what's up, Trip? Good to see
you. Good to see your name as always. Uh

you. Good to see your name as always. Uh

you. Good to see your name as always. Uh
so yeah, if you guys haven't seen the

so yeah, if you guys haven't seen the

so yeah, if you guys haven't seen the
last one, make sure to go and check that

last one, make sure to go and check that

last one, make sure to go and check that
out too. Uh it already has almost a

out too. Uh it already has almost a

out too. Uh it already has almost a
thousand views in like a week or so,

thousand views in like a week or so,

thousand views in like a week or so,
which is popping. People loved it. And

which is popping. People loved it. And

which is popping. People loved it. And
we also give you guys a whole document

we also give you guys a whole document

we also give you guys a whole document
from that one. But if you say this end

from that one. But if you say this end

from that one. But if you say this end
of this one, we also have another

of this one, we also have another

of this one, we also have another
document, a whole Google sheet for you.

document, a whole Google sheet for you.

document, a whole Google sheet for you.
What's up, Chris? Good to see you. Good

What's up, Chris? Good to see you. Good

What's up, Chris? Good to see you. Good
to see you guys. Thanks for jumping on.

to see you guys. Thanks for jumping on.

to see you guys. Thanks for jumping on.
Glad you guys are here. Um but let me

Glad you guys are here. Um but let me

Glad you guys are here. Um but let me
just pull up this board here and then

just pull up this board here and then

just pull up this board here and then
we're going to jump right into it. Go

we're going to jump right into it. Go

we're going to jump right into it. Go
ahead and let me know also down below,

ahead and let me know also down below,

ahead and let me know also down below,
guys, what market you're in, what offer

guys, what market you're in, what offer

guys, what market you're in, what offer
you're selling. Always want to know how

you're selling. Always want to know how

you're selling. Always want to know how
I can relate this to you so it's very

I can relate this to you so it's very

I can relate this to you so it's very
applicable to your current situation.

applicable to your current situation.

applicable to your current situation.
Um, let me pull this up here. Okay,

Um, let me pull this up here. Okay,

Um, let me pull this up here. Okay,
sick. So, I'm going to share my screen

sick. So, I'm going to share my screen

sick. So, I'm going to share my screen
just a second here. I want to make sure

just a second here. I want to make sure

just a second here. I want to make sure
you guys can see this. All right.





All right. Perfect. Then we go like

All right. Perfect. Then we go like
this. personal finance niche. Awesome.

this. personal finance niche. Awesome.

this. personal finance niche. Awesome.
Getting the gems. Then I gotta go do my

Getting the gems. Then I gotta go do my

Getting the gems. Then I gotta go do my
live at one. That's what's up, Cole.

live at one. That's what's up, Cole.

live at one. That's what's up, Cole.
Glad to see you're cooking it. Um,

Glad to see you're cooking it. Um,

Glad to see you're cooking it. Um,
awesome, guys. All righty. Well, let's

awesome, guys. All righty. Well, let's

awesome, guys. All righty. Well, let's
jump into this. Again, if you guys stay

jump into this. Again, if you guys stay

jump into this. Again, if you guys stay
to the end, make sure to request the

to the end, make sure to request the

to the end, make sure to request the
template I'm going to share in this uh

template I'm going to share in this uh

template I'm going to share in this uh
that you got that you guys can take and

that you got that you guys can take and

that you got that you guys can take and
use. I'll make sure to send it over to

use. I'll make sure to send it over to

use. I'll make sure to send it over to
you and drop the link in the live chat.

you and drop the link in the live chat.

you and drop the link in the live chat.
If you are watching the replay, make

If you are watching the replay, make

If you are watching the replay, make
sure to comment doc or actually comment

sure to comment doc or actually comment

sure to comment doc or actually comment
sheet down below and you're watching the

sheet down below and you're watching the

sheet down below and you're watching the
replay, then we'll send over the sheet.

replay, then we'll send over the sheet.

replay, then we'll send over the sheet.
last video you comment doc we sent that

last video you comment doc we sent that

last video you comment doc we sent that
to you already so um let's get into it

to you already so um let's get into it

to you already so um let's get into it
but in this video guys what we're

but in this video guys what we're

but in this video guys what we're
talking about is our low ticket call

talking about is our low ticket call

talking about is our low ticket call
funnel that we're currently running

funnel that we're currently running

funnel that we're currently running
right now not inside of bisop that is

right now not inside of bisop that is

right now not inside of bisop that is
currently booking us calls at a net cost

currently booking us calls at a net cost

currently booking us calls at a net cost
of $60 now when I first posted this uh

of $60 now when I first posted this uh

of $60 now when I first posted this uh
we were at a net cost around $47 to $50

we were at a net cost around $47 to $50

we were at a net cost around $47 to $50
yesterday we had a slower day and so the

yesterday we had a slower day and so the

yesterday we had a slower day and so the
cost went up but I want to give you guys

cost went up but I want to give you guys

cost went up but I want to give you guys
updated real numbers but even then if we

updated real numbers but even then if we

updated real numbers but even then if we
think about that net cost means that's

think about that net cost means that's

think about that net cost means that's
how much actually spending after

how much actually spending after

how much actually spending after
liquidation to get a book call. That's

liquidation to get a book call. That's

liquidation to get a book call. That's
insane. To give you an example, one of

insane. To give you an example, one of

insane. To give you an example, one of
the offers we're running for a market

the offers we're running for a market

the offers we're running for a market
for one of our clients that's doing over

for one of our clients that's doing over

for one of our clients that's doing over
$5 million per month, the cost per book

$5 million per month, the cost per book

$5 million per month, the cost per book
call for their VSSL funnel is anywhere

call for their VSSL funnel is anywhere

call for their VSSL funnel is anywhere
from $800 to $1,000. That's their net

from $800 to $1,000. That's their net

from $800 to $1,000. That's their net
cost. Most VSSL call funnels, you know,

cost. Most VSSL call funnels, you know,

cost. Most VSSL call funnels, you know,
300, 400, 500, 600. That's pretty

300, 400, 500, 600. That's pretty

300, 400, 500, 600. That's pretty
normal. And I'm curious you guys

normal. And I'm curious you guys

normal. And I'm curious you guys
watching or maybe you're just watching

watching or maybe you're just watching

watching or maybe you're just watching
the replay or here live. Let me know.

the replay or here live. Let me know.

the replay or here live. Let me know.
I'm curious what like historically has

I'm curious what like historically has

I'm curious what like historically has
been your cost per book call when you're

been your cost per book call when you're

been your cost per book call when you're
running a straight VSL funnel or a DM

running a straight VSL funnel or a DM

running a straight VSL funnel or a DM
funnel or anything other than a low

funnel or anything other than a low

funnel or anything other than a low
ticket funnel. Chances are it's probably

ticket funnel. Chances are it's probably

ticket funnel. Chances are it's probably
going to, you know, be in that area of

going to, you know, be in that area of

going to, you know, be in that area of
the 300, 400, 500. And if it is anything

the 300, 400, 500. And if it is anything

the 300, 400, 500. And if it is anything
lower than that, you know, that could be

lower than that, you know, that could be

lower than that, you know, that could be
unqualified. I'm talking about qualified

unqualified. I'm talking about qualified

unqualified. I'm talking about qualified
call. That means people that get through

call. That means people that get through

call. That means people that get through
the DQ actually are qualified, show up

the DQ actually are qualified, show up

the DQ actually are qualified, show up
to the call. What is that cost for you?

to the call. What is that cost for you?

to the call. What is that cost for you?
Um, and again, historically for most

Um, and again, historically for most

Um, and again, historically for most
clients are consulting, it's a lot

clients are consulting, it's a lot

clients are consulting, it's a lot
higher there. And so that's what I want

higher there. And so that's what I want

higher there. And so that's what I want
to really break down you guys. I show

to really break down you guys. I show

to really break down you guys. I show
you this funnel because the math always

you this funnel because the math always

you this funnel because the math always
wins. It's funny. We had some guy um I

wins. It's funny. We had some guy um I

wins. It's funny. We had some guy um I
posted on X the other day. If you guys

posted on X the other day. If you guys

posted on X the other day. If you guys
follow if you don't follow me, make sure

follow if you don't follow me, make sure

follow if you don't follow me, make sure
you go check that out. I posted on X the

you go check that out. I posted on X the

you go check that out. I posted on X the
other day and I was sharing the math

other day and I was sharing the math

other day and I was sharing the math
behind this. I'll pull up my screen here

behind this. I'll pull up my screen here

behind this. I'll pull up my screen here
so you guys can see this. Share my

so you guys can see this. Share my

so you guys can see this. Share my
screen. Entire screen this. All right.

screen. Entire screen this. All right.

screen. Entire screen this. All right.
So, I made this post here and I was

So, I made this post here and I was

So, I made this post here and I was
sharing just our math, our math and our

sharing just our math, our math and our

sharing just our math, our math and our
funnel and

funnel and

funnel and
some guy made a post where he was

some guy made a post where he was

some guy made a post where he was
talking about how like his VSSLs like

talking about how like his VSSLs like

talking about how like his VSSLs like
are still work and very profitable and

are still work and very profitable and

are still work and very profitable and
he was trying he he was pretty much

he was trying he he was pretty much

he was trying he he was pretty much
saying or trying to say to me that I was

saying or trying to say to me that I was

saying or trying to say to me that I was
saying that VSSLs don't work. I was

saying that VSSLs don't work. I was

saying that VSSLs don't work. I was
trying to call me out for that and be

trying to call me out for that and be

trying to call me out for that and be
like, "Hey, VSSLs do work. This, this,

like, "Hey, VSSLs do work. This, this,

like, "Hey, VSSLs do work. This, this,
and that blah blah blah." And I was

and that blah blah blah." And I was

and that blah blah blah." And I was
like, "Brother, I did not say VSSLs

like, "Brother, I did not say VSSLs

like, "Brother, I did not say VSSLs
don't work." Right? Like you're saying,

don't work." Right? Like you're saying,

don't work." Right? Like you're saying,
the math always wins here. VSSLs don't

the math always wins here. VSSLs don't

the math always wins here. VSSLs don't
work. Like, I've never said VSSLs don't

work. Like, I've never said VSSLs don't

work. Like, I've never said VSSLs don't
work. So, if you guys are coming here

work. So, if you guys are coming here

work. So, if you guys are coming here
and you think I'm going to be pushing

and you think I'm going to be pushing

and you think I'm going to be pushing
this propaganda that VSSLs don't work,

this propaganda that VSSLs don't work,

this propaganda that VSSLs don't work,
you're wrong. VSSLs do work. They work

you're wrong. VSSLs do work. They work

you're wrong. VSSLs do work. They work
very well. Direct call funnels print.

very well. Direct call funnels print.

very well. Direct call funnels print.
And so, like in terms of like working,

And so, like in terms of like working,

And so, like in terms of like working,
they do work. Like I said, one of our

they do work. Like I said, one of our

they do work. Like I said, one of our
clients we consult, they're doing low

clients we consult, they're doing low

clients we consult, they're doing low
ticket to get four. They're doing over

ticket to get four. They're doing over

ticket to get four. They're doing over
five million a month. and they have a

five million a month. and they have a

five million a month. and they have a
VSSL funnel. So, I know they work. I've

VSSL funnel. So, I know they work. I've

VSSL funnel. So, I know they work. I've
seen it how they work. There's not we're

seen it how they work. There's not we're

seen it how they work. There's not we're
not going against it, okay? But the one

not going against it, okay? But the one

not going against it, okay? But the one
thing that does not compare is the math.

thing that does not compare is the math.

thing that does not compare is the math.
And so, you know, even he says and

And so, you know, even he says and

And so, you know, even he says and
clarify, he's like, "Yes, I need a

clarify, he's like, "Yes, I need a

clarify, he's like, "Yes, I need a
little funnel. The math does win." But I

little funnel. The math does win." But I

little funnel. The math does win." But I
was like, "Hey, dog." Like, I didn't say

was like, "Hey, dog." Like, I didn't say

was like, "Hey, dog." Like, I didn't say
it doesn't work. I just said the math

it doesn't work. I just said the math

it doesn't work. I just said the math
always wins. Yeah, they work like crazy.

always wins. Yeah, they work like crazy.

always wins. Yeah, they work like crazy.
So, I want to just get out of the way

So, I want to just get out of the way

So, I want to just get out of the way
for you guys. No, nothing against

for you guys. No, nothing against

for you guys. No, nothing against
whoever this is. uh or whatever they're

whoever this is. uh or whatever they're

whoever this is. uh or whatever they're
doing. But I just wanted for you guys to

doing. But I just wanted for you guys to

doing. But I just wanted for you guys to
know that I'm not here to knock VSLs.

know that I'm not here to knock VSLs.

know that I'm not here to knock VSLs.
That make sense? We're all on the same

That make sense? We're all on the same

That make sense? We're all on the same
page with that. Cool. So, we're not here

page with that. Cool. So, we're not here

page with that. Cool. So, we're not here
to knock VSLs. I'm just here to show you

to knock VSLs. I'm just here to show you

to knock VSLs. I'm just here to show you
a funnel that has better math. All

a funnel that has better math. All

a funnel that has better math. All
right. I'm just going to show you a flow

right. I'm just going to show you a flow

right. I'm just going to show you a flow
that's currently getting us a 10 like so

that's currently getting us a 10 like so

that's currently getting us a 10 like so
much lower cost per call where you could

much lower cost per call where you could

much lower cost per call where you could
never convince me to run a direct via

never convince me to run a direct via

never convince me to run a direct via
cell funnel ever again. Like I I'm like

cell funnel ever again. Like I I'm like

cell funnel ever again. Like I I'm like
you could never convince me to just go

you could never convince me to just go

you could never convince me to just go
straight into the market with a direct

straight into the market with a direct

straight into the market with a direct
BSL call funnel. Um unless I don't know

BSL call funnel. Um unless I don't know

BSL call funnel. Um unless I don't know
why you would, but if I did, I'd be

why you would, but if I did, I'd be

why you would, but if I did, I'd be
dragging my feet and I would not be

dragging my feet and I would not be

dragging my feet and I would not be
excited about it because running so many

excited about it because running so many

excited about it because running so many
of these now and building so many of

of these now and building so many of

of these now and building so many of
these and see the math behind so many of

these and see the math behind so many of

these and see the math behind so many of
these you like there's I can't do

these you like there's I can't do

these you like there's I can't do
anything else. And guys, the biggest

anything else. And guys, the biggest

anything else. And guys, the biggest
people, they all know this. They know

people, they all know this. They know

people, they all know this. They know
the math is broken at scale with the

the math is broken at scale with the

the math is broken at scale with the
VSSL funnel. like it doesn't last

VSSL funnel. like it doesn't last

VSSL funnel. like it doesn't last
doesn't last forever. If you could see

doesn't last forever. If you could see

doesn't last forever. If you could see
the names of the people who are in my

the names of the people who are in my

the names of the people who are in my
DMs scheduling consulting calls, which

DMs scheduling consulting calls, which

DMs scheduling consulting calls, which
we do, we do I do one hour consulting

we do, we do I do one hour consulting

we do, we do I do one hour consulting
calls and packages. If you saw the names

calls and packages. If you saw the names

calls and packages. If you saw the names
of the people who are coming booking

of the people who are coming booking

of the people who are coming booking
these calls, people you look up to,

these calls, people you look up to,

these calls, people you look up to,
people you pay a lot of money to who are

people you pay a lot of money to who are

people you pay a lot of money to who are
saying, "Hey, our VS Cell funnel isn't

saying, "Hey, our VS Cell funnel isn't

saying, "Hey, our VS Cell funnel isn't
that profitable. I'm not taking home

that profitable. I'm not taking home

that profitable. I'm not taking home
that much money. I need a low ticket

that much money. I need a low ticket

that much money. I need a low ticket
funnel." You would immediately drop

funnel." You would immediately drop

funnel." You would immediately drop
everything you're doing and follow their

everything you're doing and follow their

everything you're doing and follow their
lead because they know the people have

lead because they know the people have

lead because they know the people have
gone super far ahead. If you know that

gone super far ahead. If you know that

gone super far ahead. If you know that
the path you're taking using a VSSL

the path you're taking using a VSSL

the path you're taking using a VSSL
funnel at scale eventually breaks,

funnel at scale eventually breaks,

funnel at scale eventually breaks,
like what would you rather do? Would you

like what would you rather do? Would you

like what would you rather do? Would you
rather start solving for that problem

rather start solving for that problem

rather start solving for that problem
now or just continue going down the path

now or just continue going down the path

now or just continue going down the path
pretending you don't know that it leads

pretending you don't know that it leads

pretending you don't know that it leads
to you falling off a cliff? And you can

to you falling off a cliff? And you can

to you falling off a cliff? And you can
do that. You can enjoy it for a little

do that. You can enjoy it for a little

do that. You can enjoy it for a little
bit. But again, once you start pushing

bit. But again, once you start pushing

bit. But again, once you start pushing
the ads cost going up, show rate starts

the ads cost going up, show rate starts

the ads cost going up, show rate starts
going down, lead quality is an issue,

going down, lead quality is an issue,

going down, lead quality is an issue,
you start paying out your closers,

you start paying out your closers,

you start paying out your closers,
taxes, um fulfillment costs, what's left

taxes, um fulfillment costs, what's left

taxes, um fulfillment costs, what's left
over afterwards isn't that much. And so

over afterwards isn't that much. And so

over afterwards isn't that much. And so
your highest cost in your business and

your highest cost in your business and

your highest cost in your business and
especially direct response is normally

especially direct response is normally

especially direct response is normally
going to be your marketing acquisition

going to be your marketing acquisition

going to be your marketing acquisition
cost and also your sales cost. So those

cost and also your sales cost. So those

cost and also your sales cost. So those
two biggest ones. So the nice thing

two biggest ones. So the nice thing

two biggest ones. So the nice thing
about the funnel I'm about to share with

about the funnel I'm about to share with

about the funnel I'm about to share with
you is we eliminate the first one. So

you is we eliminate the first one. So

you is we eliminate the first one. So
our really only cost our sales team and

our really only cost our sales team and

our really only cost our sales team and
obviously fulfillment is very passive in

obviously fulfillment is very passive in

obviously fulfillment is very passive in
that way. But that's how we cut those

that way. But that's how we cut those

that way. But that's how we cut those
costs there and make it a lot better. So

costs there and make it a lot better. So

costs there and make it a lot better. So
that's what I want to walk you guys

that's what I want to walk you guys

that's what I want to walk you guys
through here today. Now when I say VSSL

through here today. Now when I say VSSL

through here today. Now when I say VSSL
funnel, yeah, I just mean going add to

funnel, yeah, I just mean going add to

funnel, yeah, I just mean going add to
optin to VSSL or add to application

optin to VSSL or add to application

optin to VSSL or add to application
funnel. That's what I mean by a direct

funnel. That's what I mean by a direct

funnel. That's what I mean by a direct
VSSL funnel in that way. Um, now what

VSSL funnel in that way. Um, now what

VSSL funnel in that way. Um, now what
I'm going to share with you guys is what

I'm going to share with you guys is what

I'm going to share with you guys is what
I like to call load to get call funnel.

I like to call load to get call funnel.

I like to call load to get call funnel.
You call load to get ascension funnel.

You call load to get ascension funnel.

You call load to get ascension funnel.
It's how we build all of our current

It's how we build all of our current

It's how we build all of our current
funnels right now and how we set it up.

funnels right now and how we set it up.

funnels right now and how we set it up.
It's very simple. It's three steps, very

It's very simple. It's three steps, very

It's very simple. It's three steps, very
easy for anyone to build. And I'm going

easy for anyone to build. And I'm going

easy for anyone to build. And I'm going
to share with you guys an example of one

to share with you guys an example of one

to share with you guys an example of one
of mine. I'm not going to show you the

of mine. I'm not going to show you the

of mine. I'm not going to show you the
one that we're running right now for our

one that we're running right now for our

one that we're running right now for our
other brand because I don't like we want

other brand because I don't like we want

other brand because I don't like we want
I always like follow the thing of like

I always like follow the thing of like

I always like follow the thing of like
hey secrecy is the best moat and so I

hey secrecy is the best moat and so I

hey secrecy is the best moat and so I
want to be here and share with you guys

want to be here and share with you guys

want to be here and share with you guys
and give you advice and help you level

and give you advice and help you level

and give you advice and help you level
up but I also have to do my due

up but I also have to do my due

up but I also have to do my due
diligence and protecting our brands

diligence and protecting our brands

diligence and protecting our brands
making sure that we're not inviting

making sure that we're not inviting

making sure that we're not inviting
everyone in the whole free world to try

everyone in the whole free world to try

everyone in the whole free world to try
to come into the market and just steal

to come into the market and just steal

to come into the market and just steal
everything word for word but I will show

everything word for word but I will show

everything word for word but I will show
you one of our funnels that it's mine

you one of our funnels that it's mine

you one of our funnels that it's mine
that you've seen that you guys can copy

that you've seen that you guys can copy

that you've seen that you guys can copy
for yourself. Does that sound good?

for yourself. Does that sound good?

for yourself. Does that sound good?
Everyone ready? Drop a one down below if

Everyone ready? Drop a one down below if

Everyone ready? Drop a one down below if
you're ready to jump into it into this

you're ready to jump into it into this

you're ready to jump into it into this
training. Again, if you stay to the end,

training. Again, if you stay to the end,

training. Again, if you stay to the end,
I'm gonna send you a Google sheet that

I'm gonna send you a Google sheet that

I'm gonna send you a Google sheet that
we normally keep for our private

we normally keep for our private

we normally keep for our private
clients, but I'm gonna send over to you

clients, but I'm gonna send over to you

clients, but I'm gonna send over to you
guys uh if you stay to the end. So, I'll

guys uh if you stay to the end. So, I'll

guys uh if you stay to the end. So, I'll
make sure to have that for for you. But

make sure to have that for for you. But

make sure to have that for for you. But
let me show my screen and we'll get into

let me show my screen and we'll get into

let me show my screen and we'll get into
this Figma board. So,

this Figma board. So,

this Figma board. So,
walking through the math here. This is a

walking through the math here. This is a

walking through the math here. This is a
screenshot from today. These are updated

screenshot from today. These are updated

screenshot from today. These are updated
stats on our current funnel. Oh, shoot.

stats on our current funnel. Oh, shoot.

stats on our current funnel. Oh, shoot.
Here we go. Our current funnel right

Here we go. Our current funnel right

Here we go. Our current funnel right
now. You guys see this? All right. So

now. You guys see this? All right. So

now. You guys see this? All right. So
right now we have a with this current

right now we have a with this current

right now we have a with this current
loyalty funnel we have a CPA of 41.

loyalty funnel we have a CPA of 41.

loyalty funnel we have a CPA of 41.
That's our cost per acquisition. So what

That's our cost per acquisition. So what

That's our cost per acquisition. So what
that means is it costs us $41 to get

that means is it costs us $41 to get

that means is it costs us $41 to get
someone to buy our $17 product. So we're

someone to buy our $17 product. So we're

someone to buy our $17 product. So we're
leading with a $17 product on the front

leading with a $17 product on the front

leading with a $17 product on the front
end. Now our net CPA meaning after our

end. Now our net CPA meaning after our

end. Now our net CPA meaning after our
AOV because right now our AOV is $33.60.

AOV because right now our AOV is $33.60.

AOV because right now our AOV is $33.60.
Our net CPA so our true cost to acquire

Our net CPA so our true cost to acquire

Our net CPA so our true cost to acquire
a customer is not $41. It's only costing

a customer is not $41. It's only costing

a customer is not $41. It's only costing
me $7.75





right after that liquidation. So day

right after that liquidation. So day
one, that's the only thing I'm losing.

one, that's the only thing I'm losing.

one, that's the only thing I'm losing.
So I'm saying $7.75

So I'm saying $7.75

So I'm saying $7.75
to get a buyer. And again, also I want

to get a buyer. And again, also I want

to get a buyer. And again, also I want
to shout out when I say I am I also mean

to shout out when I say I am I also mean

to shout out when I say I am I also mean
just like I have a team. We have amazing

just like I have a team. We have amazing

just like I have a team. We have amazing
uh one of our students actually trained

uh one of our students actually trained

uh one of our students actually trained
up hired him. He is like what I say our

up hired him. He is like what I say our

up hired him. He is like what I say our
junior CMO. We have a marketing manager,

junior CMO. We have a marketing manager,

junior CMO. We have a marketing manager,
an officer, a center be like, I have a

an officer, a center be like, I have a

an officer, a center be like, I have a
team that helps with this. So, credit

team that helps with this. So, credit

team that helps with this. So, credit
where credit's due. I am leading a team

where credit's due. I am leading a team

where credit's due. I am leading a team
to these outcomes and they're awesome at

to these outcomes and they're awesome at

to these outcomes and they're awesome at
what they do. And so, when I say me or

what they do. And so, when I say me or

what they do. And so, when I say me or
we, that's what I mean. I don't want to

we, that's what I mean. I don't want to

we, that's what I mean. I don't want to
sit here like some some freaking people

sit here like some some freaking people

sit here like some some freaking people
you guys look up to like they'll be

you guys look up to like they'll be

you guys look up to like they'll be
like, I did this, I did this. Like,

like, I did this, I did this. Like,

like, I did this, I did this. Like,
bro, you have someone on your

bro, you have someone on your

bro, you have someone on your
team who is doing it all for you. You

team who is doing it all for you. You

team who is doing it all for you. You
got to give them credit. So, credit for

got to give them credit. So, credit for

got to give them credit. So, credit for
the team, write and schedule these ads.

the team, write and schedule these ads.

the team, write and schedule these ads.
Uh, I hang out more so on the offer side

Uh, I hang out more so on the offer side

Uh, I hang out more so on the offer side
of things. the ascension on the back end

of things. the ascension on the back end

of things. the ascension on the back end
and overall marketing and messaging and

and overall marketing and messaging and

and overall marketing and messaging and
just turning our uh people in our

just turning our uh people in our

just turning our uh people in our
portfolio into experts and gurus. So

portfolio into experts and gurus. So

portfolio into experts and gurus. So
anyways, disclaimer there, but our net

anyways, disclaimer there, but our net

anyways, disclaimer there, but our net
CPA $7.75.

CPA $7.75.

CPA $7.75.
Our cost per call right now fullfunnel

Our cost per call right now fullfunnel

Our cost per call right now fullfunnel
is $28.95.





I round it up to $299. So our cost per

I round it up to $299. So our cost per
call, that's what it is right there. But

call, that's what it is right there. But

call, that's what it is right there. But
our net cost per call, we look at our

our net cost per call, we look at our

our net cost per call, we look at our
net cost per call, we're seeing around

net cost per call, we're seeing around

net cost per call, we're seeing around
$60. It's our net cost per call. So we

$60. It's our net cost per call. So we

$60. It's our net cost per call. So we
look at what we're actually losing on

look at what we're actually losing on

look at what we're actually losing on
money, divide that by what the actual

money, divide that by what the actual

money, divide that by what the actual
cost is, right? On our we look at our

cost is, right? On our we look at our

cost is, right? On our we look at our
P&amp;L, right? We lost $1,500 in ads so

P&amp;L, right? We lost $1,500 in ads so

P&amp;L, right? We lost $1,500 in ads so
far. Our net cost per call is $60.

far. Our net cost per call is $60.

far. Our net cost per call is $60.
That's it. So that's the math that's

That's it. So that's the math that's

That's it. So that's the math that's
coming from our sheets. This sheet is a

coming from our sheets. This sheet is a

coming from our sheets. This sheet is a
different sheet where we track

different sheet where we track

different sheet where we track
everything. Uh I'm probably going to be

everything. Uh I'm probably going to be

everything. Uh I'm probably going to be
giving that to you guys soon in a future

giving that to you guys soon in a future

giving that to you guys soon in a future
video. So, make sure to come back on our

video. So, make sure to come back on our

video. So, make sure to come back on our
weekly lives. Every single week, I drop

weekly lives. Every single week, I drop

weekly lives. Every single week, I drop
a free asset for you guys. No opt-in

a free asset for you guys. No opt-in

a free asset for you guys. No opt-in
required. So, make sure to stay for

required. So, make sure to stay for

required. So, make sure to stay for
that. But that's the math. Now, let's

that. But that's the math. Now, let's

that. But that's the math. Now, let's
talk about what this funnel looks like.

talk about what this funnel looks like.

talk about what this funnel looks like.
Okay, so most people when they build a

Okay, so most people when they build a

Okay, so most people when they build a
low ticket funnel, they add so many

low ticket funnel, they add so many

low ticket funnel, they add so many
freaking steps in. Like a normal, like

freaking steps in. Like a normal, like

freaking steps in. Like a normal, like
if you looked at traditionally what a

if you looked at traditionally what a

if you looked at traditionally what a
low ticket funnel would look like, this

low ticket funnel would look like, this

low ticket funnel would look like, this
is what it' normally look like, right?

is what it' normally look like, right?

is what it' normally look like, right?
Let me get this up here. So, we'd have

Let me get this up here. So, we'd have

Let me get this up here. So, we'd have
the front end sales page, then they go

the front end sales page, then they go

the front end sales page, then they go
order form, right? All right. So, we'll

order form, right? All right. So, we'll

order form, right? All right. So, we'll
go to order form. Then we have upsell

go to order form. Then we have upsell

go to order form. Then we have upsell
one.

one.

one.
Then if they say no to that, we have

Then if they say no to that, we have

Then if they say no to that, we have
downell one,

downell one,

downell one,
bro.





Then we have right here, we go to upsell

Then we have right here, we go to upsell
two.









two. Then, you know, if you're really

two. Then, you know, if you're really
freaky, we have people like go upsell

freaky, we have people like go upsell

freaky, we have people like go upsell
three and I see people downell three.

three and I see people downell three.

three and I see people downell three.
And this was very, very common back when

And this was very, very common back when

And this was very, very common back when
the market wasn't that aware and people

the market wasn't that aware and people

the market wasn't that aware and people
didn't care about upsells or have much

didn't care about upsells or have much

didn't care about upsells or have much
buyers fatigue. And so, you'd see like

buyers fatigue. And so, you'd see like

buyers fatigue. And so, you'd see like
Russell and the OGs, you know, ripping

Russell and the OGs, you know, ripping

Russell and the OGs, you know, ripping
stuff like this. And then

stuff like this. And then

stuff like this. And then
we'd have book a call or a webinar for

we'd have book a call or a webinar for

we'd have book a call or a webinar for
the high to get off from the back end,

the high to get off from the back end,

the high to get off from the back end,
right? That's this is normally what the

right? That's this is normally what the

right? That's this is normally what the
traditional funnel path would look like.

traditional funnel path would look like.

traditional funnel path would look like.
So we have one decision optin, second

So we have one decision optin, second

So we have one decision optin, second
decision to buy. Uh third decision if

decision to buy. Uh third decision if

decision to buy. Uh third decision if
they say no it's fourth decision, fifth

they say no it's fourth decision, fifth

they say no it's fourth decision, fifth
decision, sixth decision if they say no,

decision, sixth decision if they say no,

decision, sixth decision if they say no,
seventh decision, eighth decision if

seventh decision, eighth decision if

seventh decision, eighth decision if
they say no to that. And then the ninth

they say no to that. And then the ninth

they say no to that. And then the ninth
decision we're asking them to make is

decision we're asking them to make is

decision we're asking them to make is
finally where we want them to go. Now

finally where we want them to go. Now

finally where we want them to go. Now
you and I both know that the front-end

you and I both know that the front-end

you and I both know that the front-end
funnel is not where we make the money.

funnel is not where we make the money.

funnel is not where we make the money.
This is not where we're trying to make

This is not where we're trying to make

This is not where we're trying to make
our money. We're not expecting to profit

our money. We're not expecting to profit

our money. We're not expecting to profit
and make our living and enjoy the

and make our living and enjoy the

and make our living and enjoy the
lifestyle we have from the front-end

lifestyle we have from the front-end

lifestyle we have from the front-end
offer. We know this is for purely for

offer. We know this is for purely for

offer. We know this is for purely for
liquidation and the reinvestment model.

liquidation and the reinvestment model.

liquidation and the reinvestment model.
So if that's the case then that means

So if that's the case then that means

So if that's the case then that means
the backend offer right the high ticket

the backend offer right the high ticket

the backend offer right the high ticket
offer in the back end you know the 5k

offer in the back end you know the 5k

offer in the back end you know the 5k
off 5k plus offer in the back end we

off 5k plus offer in the back end we

off 5k plus offer in the back end we
know that this offer is where we make

know that this offer is where we make

know that this offer is where we make
the money. This is where we're getting

the money. This is where we're getting

the money. This is where we're getting
the profit. Correct. This is where you

the profit. Correct. This is where you

the profit. Correct. This is where you
want people to go is a 5k offer. So, if

want people to go is a 5k offer. So, if

want people to go is a 5k offer. So, if
we if our goal is get people to the 5K

we if our goal is get people to the 5K

we if our goal is get people to the 5K
offer in the back end and we want as

offer in the back end and we want as

offer in the back end and we want as
many people to get there, then why are

many people to get there, then why are

many people to get there, then why are
we adding so many steps to get there?

we adding so many steps to get there?

we adding so many steps to get there?
Like a lot of people, what they'll do,

Like a lot of people, what they'll do,

Like a lot of people, what they'll do,
I'm pull my little marker here. What you

I'm pull my little marker here. What you

I'm pull my little marker here. What you
don't realize is that when some people

don't realize is that when some people

don't realize is that when some people
land here, there's going to be a drop

land here, there's going to be a drop

land here, there's going to be a drop
off here. Only a certain amount of

off here. Only a certain amount of

off here. Only a certain amount of
people are going to opt and go to your

people are going to opt and go to your

people are going to opt and go to your
order page. Then there's going to be

order page. Then there's going to be

order page. Then there's going to be
another drop off from this step. Then

another drop off from this step. Then

another drop off from this step. Then
there's going to be another drop off

there's going to be another drop off

there's going to be another drop off
from this step and then this step and

from this step and then this step and

from this step and then this step and
then this step. And so as we're going

then this step. And so as we're going

then this step. And so as we're going
through more and more people are

through more and more people are

through more and more people are
dropping off every decision they make. I

dropping off every decision they make. I

dropping off every decision they make. I
just think about funnels you go through.

just think about funnels you go through.

just think about funnels you go through.
How many like how often are you actually

How many like how often are you actually

How many like how often are you actually
staying and reading through your upsell

staying and reading through your upsell

staying and reading through your upsell
or buying everything versus just going

or buying everything versus just going

or buying everything versus just going
your email inbox? And so all these

your email inbox? And so all these

your email inbox? And so all these
points are drop offs. These are

points are drop offs. These are

points are drop offs. These are
blockages to getting to the high ticket.

blockages to getting to the high ticket.

blockages to getting to the high ticket.
So, they have to get through one, two,

So, they have to get through one, two,

So, they have to get through one, two,
three, four, five, six, seven, eight,

three, four, five, six, seven, eight,

three, four, five, six, seven, eight,
nine, 10

nine, 10

nine, 10
before they can get to our high ticket

before they can get to our high ticket

before they can get to our high ticket
offer on the back end. And so, you know,

offer on the back end. And so, you know,

offer on the back end. And so, you know,
I looked at this and I was like, okay,

I looked at this and I was like, okay,

I looked at this and I was like, okay,
this is too much friction. Plus, too

this is too much friction. Plus, too

this is too much friction. Plus, too
many freaking pages to write. Like,

many freaking pages to write. Like,

many freaking pages to write. Like,
think about it. That means we have to

think about it. That means we have to

think about it. That means we have to
write a VSSL for this page, VSSL for

write a VSSL for this page, VSSL for

write a VSSL for this page, VSSL for
this page, this page, this page, this

this page, this page, this page, this

this page, this page, this page, this
page, this page, this page, and this

page, this page, this page, and this

page, this page, this page, and this
page. We have to write copy for all

page. We have to write copy for all

page. We have to write copy for all
these pages,

these pages,

these pages,
design all these pages. Like, I don't

design all these pages. Like, I don't

design all these pages. Like, I don't
know about you, but I'm not trying to do

know about you, but I'm not trying to do

know about you, but I'm not trying to do
that. [snorts] Like, I've done it. It's

that. [snorts] Like, I've done it. It's

that. [snorts] Like, I've done it. It's
a lot of work and a lot it sucks. And

a lot of work and a lot it sucks. And

a lot of work and a lot it sucks. And
then guess what? Sometimes your upsell

then guess what? Sometimes your upsell

then guess what? Sometimes your upsell
one is not going to work, so you have to

one is not going to work, so you have to

one is not going to work, so you have to
come with a new one. You have to redo

come with a new one. You have to redo

come with a new one. You have to redo
it. Your upsell two is not going to

it. Your upsell two is not going to

it. Your upsell two is not going to
work. Like, it's not a guarantee that

work. Like, it's not a guarantee that

work. Like, it's not a guarantee that
when you start that these are all going

when you start that these are all going

when you start that these are all going
to go well. And so I thought to myself,

to go well. And so I thought to myself,

to go well. And so I thought to myself,
okay, how can we get rid of some steps

okay, how can we get rid of some steps

okay, how can we get rid of some steps
here and get more people to the backend

here and get more people to the backend

here and get more people to the backend
offer? That was really my goal. And so

offer? That was really my goal. And so

offer? That was really my goal. And so
what I started doing was I went through

what I started doing was I went through

what I started doing was I went through
and I took out this entire middle step

and I took out this entire middle step

and I took out this entire middle step
right here. So what makes me different

right here. So what makes me different

right here. So what makes me different
than what everyone else is teaching and

than what everyone else is teaching and

than what everyone else is teaching and
doing is I don't care about these steps

doing is I don't care about these steps

doing is I don't care about these steps
here. When I first launch, my goal is to

here. When I first launch, my goal is to

here. When I first launch, my goal is to
liquidate as much as possible with these

liquidate as much as possible with these

liquidate as much as possible with these
two on the front end here, these two

two on the front end here, these two

two on the front end here, these two
steps here, and get them to my back end

steps here, and get them to my back end

steps here, and get them to my back end
as fast as possible. Now, you might be

as fast as possible. Now, you might be

as fast as possible. Now, you might be
wondering, well, Josh, if you take out

wondering, well, Josh, if you take out

wondering, well, Josh, if you take out
all these upsells here, how are you

all these upsells here, how are you

all these upsells here, how are you
liquidating

liquidating

liquidating
all this money

all this money

all this money
and getting people to the like still to

and getting people to the like still to

and getting people to the like still to
the back end? Like, if you take out the

the back end? Like, if you take out the

the back end? Like, if you take out the
upsells, how are you making money? Well,

upsells, how are you making money? Well,

upsells, how are you making money? Well,
what you got to remember is that on an

what you got to remember is that on an

what you got to remember is that on an
order form or on the order form, you can

order form or on the order form, you can

order form or on the order form, you can
have order bumps,

have order bumps,

have order bumps,
right? You have order bumps. So, here,

right? You have order bumps. So, here,

right? You have order bumps. So, here,
what I like to do is I just max out my

what I like to do is I just max out my

what I like to do is I just max out my
bumps. So, I'll do about three order

bumps. So, I'll do about three order

bumps. So, I'll do about three order
bumps on this page. So, our front-end

bumps on this page. So, our front-end

bumps on this page. So, our front-end
offer here, like for example, for our

offer here, like for example, for our

offer here, like for example, for our
existing one now, $17

existing one now, $17

existing one now, $17
and you get the order form, the bumps

and you get the order form, the bumps

and you get the order form, the bumps
here, they equal up to, if we were to

here, they equal up to, if we were to

here, they equal up to, if we were to
add them all up, $50 plus dollars.

add them all up, $50 plus dollars.

add them all up, $50 plus dollars.
So, if someone were to buy the 17 plus

So, if someone were to buy the 17 plus

So, if someone were to buy the 17 plus
the $50, they'd be spending almost $70

the $50, they'd be spending almost $70

the $50, they'd be spending almost $70
plus dollars. I think our bumps on this

plus dollars. I think our bumps on this

plus dollars. I think our bumps on this
one actually order like if you do full

one actually order like if you do full

one actually order like if you do full
bought everything usually I think it's

bought everything usually I think it's

bought everything usually I think it's
like a $74 purchase so it's even worth

like a $74 purchase so it's even worth

like a $74 purchase so it's even worth
more but I try to have the rule of thumb

more but I try to have the rule of thumb

more but I try to have the rule of thumb
at least being over 50. All right, you

at least being over 50. All right, you

at least being over 50. All right, you
guys following? You guys awake? Keeping

guys following? You guys awake? Keeping

guys following? You guys awake? Keeping
up? So this how we do. We have a front

up? So this how we do. We have a front

up? So this how we do. We have a front
end order form. Then we have three order

end order form. Then we have three order

end order form. Then we have three order
bumps. These are just little check boxes

bumps. These are just little check boxes

bumps. These are just little check boxes
on the page from this alone.

on the page from this alone.

on the page from this alone.
As you can see from our stats up here,

As you can see from our stats up here,

As you can see from our stats up here,
we are able to operate at a 0.81 81

we are able to operate at a 0.81 81

we are able to operate at a 0.81 81
return just on the front end without any

return just on the front end without any

return just on the front end without any
upsells.





That means again I'm only losing

That means again I'm only losing
$7.75%.75

$7.75%.75

$7.75%.75
on each customer.

on each customer.

on each customer.
But the best part is these customers

But the best part is these customers

But the best part is these customers
even though I'm losing 20 cents on every

even though I'm losing 20 cents on every

even though I'm losing 20 cents on every
dollar I spend, I'm willing to lose 20

dollar I spend, I'm willing to lose 20

dollar I spend, I'm willing to lose 20
cents because I know I'm not going to

cents because I know I'm not going to

cents because I know I'm not going to
have all these drop off points.

have all these drop off points.

have all these drop off points.
I've eliminated friction from the funnel

I've eliminated friction from the funnel

I've eliminated friction from the funnel
and I've got more people to here. So now

and I've got more people to here. So now

and I've got more people to here. So now
I only have to worry about one, two,

I only have to worry about one, two,

I only have to worry about one, two,
three friction points instead of 10,

three friction points instead of 10,

three friction points instead of 10,
which means more people are seeing my

which means more people are seeing my

which means more people are seeing my
book of call via sell. More people are

book of call via sell. More people are

book of call via sell. More people are
seeing my high ticket offer and we're

seeing my high ticket offer and we're

seeing my high ticket offer and we're
making more money.

making more money.

making more money.
You guys keeping up?

You guys keeping up?

You guys keeping up?
So that's what makes what we do

So that's what makes what we do

So that's what makes what we do
different than what other people do with

different than what other people do with

different than what other people do with
low ticket ascension funnels. There's

low ticket ascension funnels. There's

low ticket ascension funnels. There's
there's a low ticket funnel and there's

there's a low ticket funnel and there's

there's a low ticket funnel and there's
a low ticket ascension funnel. The goal

a low ticket ascension funnel. The goal

a low ticket ascension funnel. The goal
of this funnel is to liquidate and

of this funnel is to liquidate and

of this funnel is to liquidate and
ascend versus other funnels where

ascend versus other funnels where

ascend versus other funnels where
they're trying to actually like

they're trying to actually like

they're trying to actually like
liquidate and try to profit. But in

liquidate and try to profit. But in

liquidate and try to profit. But in
these days, it's very rare that I see

these days, it's very rare that I see

these days, it's very rare that I see
that happening.

that happening.

that happening.
And even if they are, it's like you're

And even if they are, it's like you're

And even if they are, it's like you're
still you still want high ticket on the

still you still want high ticket on the

still you still want high ticket on the
back end.

back end.

back end.
So what does this look like in real

So what does this look like in real

So what does this look like in real
life? Well, let's talk about it now that

life? Well, let's talk about it now that

life? Well, let's talk about it now that
I've got that out of the way. Now that

I've got that out of the way. Now that

I've got that out of the way. Now that
makes sense. Let's actually look at an

makes sense. Let's actually look at an

makes sense. Let's actually look at an
example of one of these funnels. So this

example of one of these funnels. So this

example of one of these funnels. So this
is one of our funnels I run for myself.

is one of our funnels I run for myself.

is one of our funnels I run for myself.
It's under clients forfree.com. These

It's under clients forfree.com. These

It's under clients forfree.com. These
are just screenshots. Some of these

are just screenshots. Some of these

are just screenshots. Some of these
pages are longer, but as you can see

pages are longer, but as you can see

pages are longer, but as you can see
here, I have a funnel. You have a VSSL

here, I have a funnel. You have a VSSL

here, I have a funnel. You have a VSSL
on it, TSL below it. This is a $97

on it, TSL below it. This is a $97

on it, TSL below it. This is a $97
offer. So, if you watch my first the

offer. So, if you watch my first the

offer. So, if you watch my first the
live stream I did last week, we talked

live stream I did last week, we talked

live stream I did last week, we talked
about the offer here. We're talking

about the offer here. We're talking

about the offer here. We're talking
about the funnel. We tell you what type

about the funnel. We tell you what type

about the funnel. We tell you what type
of offer to pick for your market. For

of offer to pick for your market. For

of offer to pick for your market. For
me, it made sense to do a $97 offer for

me, it made sense to do a $97 offer for

me, it made sense to do a $97 offer for
this market. And so, that's what we went

this market. And so, that's what we went

this market. And so, that's what we went
with. So, they get to this page, they

with. So, they get to this page, they

with. So, they get to this page, they
opt in, and now they're going to the

opt in, and now they're going to the

opt in, and now they're going to the
next step. Now, if we zoom in here, look

next step. Now, if we zoom in here, look

next step. Now, if we zoom in here, look
at this page. You can see I have two

at this page. You can see I have two

at this page. You can see I have two
order bumps here. All right. had two

order bumps here. All right. had two

order bumps here. All right. had two
order bumps right here and then right

order bumps right here and then right

order bumps right here and then right
here. The first order bump

here. The first order bump

here. The first order bump
that we have here. Um like we have two

that we have here. Um like we have two

that we have here. Um like we have two
order bumps. We saw them for 27 and

order bumps. We saw them for 27 and

order bumps. We saw them for 27 and
47ish dollars right now. And so we and

47ish dollars right now. And so we and

47ish dollars right now. And so we and
then we also have an option right here.

then we also have an option right here.

then we also have an option right here.
You can see there's like a little bump

You can see there's like a little bump

You can see there's like a little bump
option where you get three launch plans

option where you get three launch plans

option where you get three launch plans
for the price of two. And so full funnel

for the price of two. And so full funnel

for the price of two. And so full funnel
it's like over $200 would be our AOV.

it's like over $200 would be our AOV.

it's like over $200 would be our AOV.
And so this is where we're licking our

And so this is where we're licking our

And so this is where we're licking our
money. So right now the front $97 like

money. So right now the front $97 like

money. So right now the front $97 like
it'll cost you less than $97 to get a

it'll cost you less than $97 to get a

it'll cost you less than $97 to get a
buyer. So with a $97 offer, you could

buyer. So with a $97 offer, you could

buyer. So with a $97 offer, you could
run like lower fronting conversion rate,

run like lower fronting conversion rate,

run like lower fronting conversion rate,
but you can get it to being higher

but you can get it to being higher

but you can get it to being higher
profit or break even. But you don't

profit or break even. But you don't

profit or break even. But you don't
always want to bet on it. And then after

always want to bet on it. And then after

always want to bet on it. And then after
they purchase this, I take them to a

they purchase this, I take them to a

they purchase this, I take them to a
page where it's gated. So this stuff,

page where it's gated. So this stuff,

page where it's gated. So this stuff,
the button doesn't appear like this

the button doesn't appear like this

the button doesn't appear like this
whole section right here on down doesn't

whole section right here on down doesn't

whole section right here on down doesn't
appear until a certain point in the

appear until a certain point in the

appear until a certain point in the
video. Make them watch uh the VSSL

video. Make them watch uh the VSSL

video. Make them watch uh the VSSL
appear first. And then I've dropped a

appear first. And then I've dropped a

appear first. And then I've dropped a
CTA. And so that's how you structure the

CTA. And so that's how you structure the

CTA. And so that's how you structure the
funnel. You have the front-end sales

funnel. You have the front-end sales

funnel. You have the front-end sales
page, VSSL, TSL, optin. You have the

page, VSSL, TSL, optin. You have the

page, VSSL, TSL, optin. You have the
order form with the bumps. You page the

order form with the bumps. You page the

order form with the bumps. You page the
gated VSSL. And then you get them to

gated VSSL. And then you get them to

gated VSSL. And then you get them to
book their call and it drops down. Now,

book their call and it drops down. Now,

book their call and it drops down. Now,
you can also do the model where it's an

you can also do the model where it's an

you can also do the model where it's an
implementation onboarding call, but you

implementation onboarding call, but you

implementation onboarding call, but you
have to understand you need to do a

have to understand you need to do a

have to understand you need to do a
two-step sales process. Your offer needs

two-step sales process. Your offer needs

two-step sales process. Your offer needs
you like over 7,000 $8,000 for the math

you like over 7,000 $8,000 for the math

you like over 7,000 $8,000 for the math
to make sense. And you have to

to make sense. And you have to

to make sense. And you have to
understand your sales team is going be

understand your sales team is going be

understand your sales team is going be
dealing with a lot of low intent leads.

dealing with a lot of low intent leads.

dealing with a lot of low intent leads.
And you have to understand that there's

And you have to understand that there's

And you have to understand that there's
be a lower show up rate because getting

be a lower show up rate because getting

be a lower show up rate because getting
someone to like if on this page when I

someone to like if on this page when I

someone to like if on this page when I
say onboarding call, what I mean is

say onboarding call, what I mean is

say onboarding call, what I mean is
there would be no VSSL, there would be

there would be no VSSL, there would be

there would be no VSSL, there would be
nothing. It would just be saying, "Hey,

nothing. It would just be saying, "Hey,

nothing. It would just be saying, "Hey,
schedule your call.

schedule your call.

schedule your call.
Schedule your call um to just get things

Schedule your call um to just get things

Schedule your call um to just get things
started." And then they book it and they

started." And then they book it and they

started." And then they book it and they
take the confirmation page and there's

take the confirmation page and there's

take the confirmation page and there's
no VSSL. They don't know an offer is

no VSSL. They don't know an offer is

no VSSL. They don't know an offer is
coming and the setter is making the

coming and the setter is making the

coming and the setter is making the
pitch on the sales call. You guys

pitch on the sales call. You guys

pitch on the sales call. You guys
following? So that's what I mean by

following? So that's what I mean by

following? So that's what I mean by
that. Either way works fine. Just

that. Either way works fine. Just

that. Either way works fine. Just
understand it's a different game. One's

understand it's a different game. One's

understand it's a different game. One's
a one-step call process, the other one's

a one-step call process, the other one's

a one-step call process, the other one's
two. One has higher intent, lower

two. One has higher intent, lower

two. One has higher intent, lower
volume. One has more volume, lower

volume. One has more volume, lower

volume. One has more volume, lower
intent. Play the game that you want to

intent. Play the game that you want to

intent. Play the game that you want to
play. It's up to you. All right. We run

play. It's up to you. All right. We run

play. It's up to you. All right. We run
both right now.

both right now.

both right now.
All clear in the funnel. Let's move to

All clear in the funnel. Let's move to

All clear in the funnel. Let's move to
the backend systems now. So once we have

the backend systems now. So once we have

the backend systems now. So once we have
a buyer in the door, we're not just

a buyer in the door, we're not just

a buyer in the door, we're not just
betting on people converting on this

betting on people converting on this

betting on people converting on this
page here because not everyone's going

page here because not everyone's going

page here because not everyone's going
to book their call there. So we need to

to book their call there. So we need to

to book their call there. So we need to
scoop them up. So there's four main ways

scoop them up. So there's four main ways

scoop them up. So there's four main ways
that we're doing that. First off is

that we're doing that. First off is

that we're doing that. First off is
through email. This is one of our

through email. This is one of our

through email. This is one of our
biggest ones. Daily emails. The first

biggest ones. Daily emails. The first

biggest ones. Daily emails. The first
week we're focused on activation emails.

week we're focused on activation emails.

week we're focused on activation emails.
Get them into the product and the

Get them into the product and the

Get them into the product and the
schedule call. So very congruent to

schedule call. So very congruent to

schedule call. So very congruent to
their situation and what they just

their situation and what they just

their situation and what they just
purchased. Then after that it's just the

purchased. Then after that it's just the

purchased. Then after that it's just the
daily emails like you would do any other

daily emails like you would do any other

daily emails like you would do any other
daily email on any other list getting

daily email on any other list getting

daily email on any other list getting
them to book a call. The next way is

them to book a call. The next way is

them to book a call. The next way is
through onboarding calls. So we do once

through onboarding calls. So we do once

through onboarding calls. So we do once
a week to two times a week people can

a week to two times a week people can

a week to two times a week people can
jump on with the founder. He goes

jump on with the founder. He goes

jump on with the founder. He goes
through he does an onboarding call group

through he does an onboarding call group

through he does an onboarding call group
session does a training and then pitches

session does a training and then pitches

session does a training and then pitches
them to book a call. That works great.

them to book a call. That works great.

them to book a call. That works great.
We just had a piff the other day from

We just had a piff the other day from

We just had a piff the other day from
somebody who was on our call last week

somebody who was on our call last week

somebody who was on our call last week
and we run these every single Tuesday.

and we run these every single Tuesday.

and we run these every single Tuesday.
So, um,

So, um,

So, um,
let me see here. I can show you guys.

let me see here. I can show you guys.

let me see here. I can show you guys.
That's how we currently do it right now.

That's how we currently do it right now.

That's how we currently do it right now.
All right.

All right.

All right.
The other way is through setters and

The other way is through setters and

The other way is through setters and
outbound and SMS. So, you're a setter

outbound and SMS. So, you're a setter

outbound and SMS. So, you're a setter
making $100 a day to all the buyers and

making $100 a day to all the buyers and

making $100 a day to all the buyers and
people who didn't finish their

people who didn't finish their

people who didn't finish their
application.

application.

application.
And then the fourth way is just in the

And then the fourth way is just in the

And then the fourth way is just in the
members area, having CTAs within the

members area, having CTAs within the

members area, having CTAs within the
content, within the community, getting

content, within the community, getting

content, within the community, getting
them to book a call. So, in this funnel

them to book a call. So, in this funnel

them to book a call. So, in this funnel
here, like up here,

here, like up here,

here, like up here,
this one, if you're doing a um if you're

this one, if you're doing a um if you're

this one, if you're doing a um if you're
doing the version where you have the

doing the version where you have the

doing the version where you have the
gated VSSL, you want to be optimizing

gated VSSL, you want to be optimizing

gated VSSL, you want to be optimizing
for about a 20%





a 20% booking rate. If you're doing the

a 20% booking rate. If you're doing the
other option, which is implementation

other option, which is implementation

other option, which is implementation
call, then you looking at a 50% booking

call, then you looking at a 50% booking

call, then you looking at a 50% booking
rate. Now, I know you're at all 50% that

rate. Now, I know you're at all 50% that

rate. Now, I know you're at all 50% that
seems awesome. you probably get 70 or

seems awesome. you probably get 70 or

seems awesome. you probably get 70 or
even higher. But just remember that this

even higher. But just remember that this

even higher. But just remember that this
is be lower intent. Higher intent, lower

is be lower intent. Higher intent, lower

is be lower intent. Higher intent, lower
intent. You choose your battle.

intent. You choose your battle.

intent. You choose your battle.
Then these systems, we're going to scoop

Then these systems, we're going to scoop

Then these systems, we're going to scoop
up another 15 to 20ish% on the back end

up another 15 to 20ish% on the back end

up another 15 to 20ish% on the back end
over time. Sometimes it takes time for

over time. Sometimes it takes time for

over time. Sometimes it takes time for
the average window, but eventually they

the average window, but eventually they

the average window, but eventually they
get there. Okay, so that's that's how

get there. Okay, so that's that's how

get there. Okay, so that's that's how
that part of the process works on the

that part of the process works on the

that part of the process works on the
back end. I got to get my Figma board

back end. I got to get my Figma board

back end. I got to get my Figma board
looking nice. Come on now. Missing lines

looking nice. Come on now. Missing lines

looking nice. Come on now. Missing lines
here.

here.

here.
So that is the overflow structure. If

So that is the overflow structure. If

So that is the overflow structure. If
you guys have questions, we're going to

you guys have questions, we're going to

you guys have questions, we're going to
do Q&amp;A at the end. So just bear with me

do Q&amp;A at the end. So just bear with me

do Q&amp;A at the end. So just bear with me
and we'll get into that. Now let's talk

and we'll get into that. Now let's talk

and we'll get into that. Now let's talk
about the funnel math. This is the sheet

about the funnel math. This is the sheet

about the funnel math. This is the sheet
that I want to give you guys. It's a way

that I want to give you guys. It's a way

that I want to give you guys. It's a way
for you to actually go through and play

for you to actually go through and play

for you to actually go through and play
with the math to see what it look like

with the math to see what it look like

with the math to see what it look like
for you. And so I'm going to walk you

for you. And so I'm going to walk you

for you. And so I'm going to walk you
through how to use this. And then if you

through how to use this. And then if you

through how to use this. And then if you
want this sheet, you guys can drop sheet

want this sheet, you guys can drop sheet

want this sheet, you guys can drop sheet
in the comments below or if you're live,

in the comments below or if you're live,

in the comments below or if you're live,
I'll just for you guys in the chat and

I'll just for you guys in the chat and

I'll just for you guys in the chat and
you can make a copy of it. But there's

you can make a copy of it. But there's

you can make a copy of it. But there's
three main sections here, right? We have

three main sections here, right? We have

three main sections here, right? We have
our

our

our
daily ad spend. Oh, shoot. Where is it?





One second.

One second.
Where are we here?





Okay,

Okay,
let me see. Oh, I think I linked the

let me see. Oh, I think I linked the

let me see. Oh, I think I linked the
bold itself. One second. Let me pull up

bold itself. One second. Let me pull up

bold itself. One second. Let me pull up
the actual sheet for you guys.





Let me pull this sheet for you guys

Let me pull this sheet for you guys
here.









All right, you guys see this? All right.

All right, you guys see this? All right.
Yeah. All good.





So the next part

So the next part
we have the ad performance, funnel

we have the ad performance, funnel

we have the ad performance, funnel
performance, high ticket sales

performance, high ticket sales

performance, high ticket sales
performance and the monthly balance

performance and the monthly balance

performance and the monthly balance
sheet. All right, this how we just play

sheet. All right, this how we just play

sheet. All right, this how we just play
with the math and get a general idea.

with the math and get a general idea.

with the math and get a general idea.
Now in here you see here we do have

Now in here you see here we do have

Now in here you see here we do have
options for if you are doing a upsells

options for if you are doing a upsells

options for if you are doing a upsells
and things like that but

and things like that but

and things like that but
but you can also ignore that just keep

but you can also ignore that just keep

but you can also ignore that just keep
it at zero right now. So let's just say

it at zero right now. So let's just say

it at zero right now. So let's just say
you're spending $1,000 a day. Let's say

you're spending $1,000 a day. Let's say

you're spending $1,000 a day. Let's say
your CPC is $4. Let's say you're spend a

your CPC is $4. Let's say you're spend a

your CPC is $4. Let's say you're spend a
lot of money off like $4 there or you

lot of money off like $4 there or you

lot of money off like $4 there or you
know let's say you're better buyer at

know let's say you're better buyer at

know let's say you're better buyer at
$3. Uh we look at this. You can keep all

$3. Uh we look at this. You can keep all

$3. Uh we look at this. You can keep all
this the same and let's say your front

this the same and let's say your front

this the same and let's say your front
end is converting at 5% take rate

end is converting at 5% take rate

end is converting at 5% take rate
which that's ideal. You want like 5 to

which that's ideal. You want like 5 to

which that's ideal. You want like 5 to
10%. Let's keep your front end price at

10%. Let's keep your front end price at

10%. Let's keep your front end price at
$27. So that's what you keep there.

$27. So that's what you keep there.

$27. So that's what you keep there.
These are your order bumps. All right.

These are your order bumps. All right.

These are your order bumps. All right.
So the order bumps we only have two in

So the order bumps we only have two in

So the order bumps we only have two in
here. You can also treat this as an

here. You can also treat this as an

here. You can also treat this as an
order bump if you wanted to. If you have

order bump if you wanted to. If you have

order bump if you wanted to. If you have
three, just change the wording of this

three, just change the wording of this

three, just change the wording of this
and do it like that. But for the sake of

and do it like that. But for the sake of

and do it like that. But for the sake of
time, I'm just going to pretend we have

time, I'm just going to pretend we have

time, I'm just going to pretend we have
order for $37

order for $37

order for $37
and that one's converting at 40% because

and that one's converting at 40% because

and that one's converting at 40% because
that's where our bumps convert at. And

that's where our bumps convert at. And

that's where our bumps convert at. And
then we have a another funnel or another

then we have a another funnel or another

then we have a another funnel or another
offer that is for $27 that's converting

offer that is for $27 that's converting

offer that is for $27 that's converting
at 40%. Which leaves me with an AOB of

at 40%. Which leaves me with an AOB of

at 40%. Which leaves me with an AOB of
$52, which means I'm losing my net CPA

$52, which means I'm losing my net CPA

$52, which means I'm losing my net CPA
is only around $8 to get a buyer. Okay,

is only around $8 to get a buyer. Okay,

is only around $8 to get a buyer. Okay,
so that's what that math means there.

so that's what that math means there.

so that's what that math means there.
Now, if we go to the high ticket perform

Now, if we go to the high ticket perform

Now, if we go to the high ticket perform
sales performance, we can see the sheet

sales performance, we can see the sheet

sales performance, we can see the sheet
where we can go through the math. So,

where we can go through the math. So,

where we can go through the math. So,
we're getting seven buyers, 17 buyers a

we're getting seven buyers, 17 buyers a

we're getting seven buyers, 17 buyers a
day. That's 500 a month. And let's say

day. That's 500 a month. And let's say

day. That's 500 a month. And let's say
we're running the direct offer, the

we're running the direct offer, the

we're running the direct offer, the
gated via cell model like I talked to

gated via cell model like I talked to

gated via cell model like I talked to
you about. That's 20% booking rate.

you about. That's 20% booking rate.

you about. That's 20% booking rate.
That's a that's 100 booked calls coming

That's a that's 100 booked calls coming

That's a that's 100 booked calls coming
through the funnel. Now, let's say your

through the funnel. Now, let's say your

through the funnel. Now, let's say your
show rates, you know, whatever. Let's

show rates, you know, whatever. Let's

show rates, you know, whatever. Let's
say 75%.

say 75%.

say 75%.
That's 75 actual calls. We look at our

That's 75 actual calls. We look at our

That's 75 actual calls. We look at our
percentage of close rate. Most closes

percentage of close rate. Most closes

percentage of close rate. Most closes
around 20%. Let's make your offer 9800.

around 20%. Let's make your offer 9800.

around 20%. Let's make your offer 9800.
Let's say you're a baller. We look at

Let's say you're a baller. We look at

Let's say you're a baller. We look at
here. Our cost per book call, not net,

here. Our cost per book call, not net,

here. Our cost per book call, not net,
but cost is $400. Your high ticket CPA

but cost is $400. Your high ticket CPA

but cost is $400. Your high ticket CPA
is 1,500 for $9,800 customer. That's how

is 1,500 for $9,800 customer. That's how

is 1,500 for $9,800 customer. That's how
the math would pull out. Now, we go over

the math would pull out. Now, we go over

the math would pull out. Now, we go over
to here. We look at our monthly funnel

to here. We look at our monthly funnel

to here. We look at our monthly funnel
revenue. Our high ticket revenue. You

revenue. Our high ticket revenue. You

revenue. Our high ticket revenue. You
can talk about, you know, incomplete uh

can talk about, you know, incomplete uh

can talk about, you know, incomplete uh
high ticket payments, refunds, sales

high ticket payments, refunds, sales

high ticket payments, refunds, sales
team, right? We got that factored in.

team, right? We got that factored in.

team, right? We got that factored in.
This is us. We do publishing. So, you

This is us. We do publishing. So, you

This is us. We do publishing. So, you
know, a lot of people have us come build

know, a lot of people have us come build

know, a lot of people have us come build
their offers for them and get a cut. So

their offers for them and get a cut. So

their offers for them and get a cut. So
if you have any growth operators tech, I

if you have any growth operators tech, I

if you have any growth operators tech, I
don't have that in there. So that would

don't have that in there. So that would

don't have that in there. So that would
change it. But then you can see here

change it. But then you can see here

change it. But then you can see here
what your monthly net would be off

what your monthly net would be off

what your monthly net would be off
$1,000 day in spend with a load ticket

$1,000 day in spend with a load ticket

$1,000 day in spend with a load ticket
ascension fall. So that's the power of

ascension fall. So that's the power of

ascension fall. So that's the power of
this, right? We're liquidating. We're

this, right? We're liquidating. We're

this, right? We're liquidating. We're
making and only losing a tiny on the

making and only losing a tiny on the

making and only losing a tiny on the
front end. We're still getting all the

front end. We're still getting all the

front end. We're still getting all the
same metrics on the back end. It's the

same metrics on the back end. It's the

same metrics on the back end. It's the
best of both worlds. And so that's why

best of both worlds. And so that's why

best of both worlds. And so that's why
we run these funnels. The math always

we run these funnels. The math always

we run these funnels. The math always
wins. Why would you rather have somebody

wins. Why would you rather have somebody

wins. Why would you rather have somebody
get on the phone with your sales team

get on the phone with your sales team

get on the phone with your sales team
who's giving you $0 versus someone who's

who's giving you $0 versus someone who's

who's giving you $0 versus someone who's
giving you $50 or $100. Why would you

giving you $50 or $100. Why would you

giving you $50 or $100. Why would you
rather spend $400 to get a book call

rather spend $400 to get a book call

rather spend $400 to get a book call
liquidating nothing when you could be

liquidating nothing when you could be

liquidating nothing when you could be
getting net cost of 60,

getting net cost of 60,

getting net cost of 60,
right? That's what I mean when the math

right? That's what I mean when the math

right? That's what I mean when the math
wins. Nothing biased, no hate of VSL

wins. Nothing biased, no hate of VSL

wins. Nothing biased, no hate of VSL
funnels. I would just rather that

funnels. I would just rather that

funnels. I would just rather that
situation. That's why I run the model

situation. That's why I run the model

situation. That's why I run the model
and that's why it works so well. That's

and that's why it works so well. That's

and that's why it works so well. That's
why the biggest names are coming to us

why the biggest names are coming to us

why the biggest names are coming to us
who build these because they know

who build these because they know

who build these because they know
that's the route that they need to go.

that's the route that they need to go.

that's the route that they need to go.
So if you guys want that sheet, you guys

So if you guys want that sheet, you guys

So if you guys want that sheet, you guys
can drop sheet in the comments below uh

can drop sheet in the comments below uh

can drop sheet in the comments below uh
or here live. I want to do some Q&amp;A with

or here live. I want to do some Q&amp;A with

or here live. I want to do some Q&amp;A with
you too so we answer your questions. So

you too so we answer your questions. So

you too so we answer your questions. So
if you have any questions about lo

if you have any questions about lo

if you have any questions about lo
ascension funnels, your offer in

ascension funnels, your offer in

ascension funnels, your offer in
general, feel free to drop those now. Uh

general, feel free to drop those now. Uh

general, feel free to drop those now. Uh
Cole says, "Hold lot of gems, new info

Cole says, "Hold lot of gems, new info

Cole says, "Hold lot of gems, new info
for me." Awesome. Awesome.

for me." Awesome. Awesome.

for me." Awesome. Awesome.
Freaky deicky upsell 3. Yeah, bro. We

Freaky deicky upsell 3. Yeah, bro. We

Freaky deicky upsell 3. Yeah, bro. We
don't mess with upsell 3.

don't mess with upsell 3.

don't mess with upsell 3.
But go ahead, let me know down in the

But go ahead, let me know down in the

But go ahead, let me know down in the
chat

chat

chat
what questions you have about this

what questions you have about this

what questions you have about this
model, hesitency with launching your

model, hesitency with launching your

model, hesitency with launching your
first offer or just anything in general,

first offer or just anything in general,

first offer or just anything in general,
too. Um, we'll hit on that now. Do a

too. Um, we'll hit on that now. Do a

too. Um, we'll hit on that now. Do a
little bit of Q&amp;A now. And then

little bit of Q&amp;A now. And then

little bit of Q&amp;A now. And then
I'll also send a sheet once we get to

I'll also send a sheet once we get to

I'll also send a sheet once we get to
the end here.





Oh, shoot. And you guys, maybe you're

Oh, shoot. And you guys, maybe you're
like, "Oh, Josh, like does this work,

like, "Oh, Josh, like does this work,

like, "Oh, Josh, like does this work,
Josh? Like, are you actively doing this

Josh? Like, are you actively doing this

Josh? Like, are you actively doing this
right now?" Look what just hit. Let me

right now?" Look what just hit. Let me

right now?" Look what just hit. Let me
cover this up.

cover this up.

cover this up.
Shoot. I don't know how to cover it up

Shoot. I don't know how to cover it up

Shoot. I don't know how to cover it up
really.

really.

really.
We just got a piff from low ticket right

We just got a piff from low ticket right

We just got a piff from low ticket right
now. This just happened um

now. This just happened um

now. This just happened um
38 seconds ago.

38 seconds ago.

38 seconds ago.
38 seconds ago from the low ticket

38 seconds ago from the low ticket

38 seconds ago from the low ticket
offer. Does this work? Does it ascend?

offer. Does this work? Does it ascend?

offer. Does this work? Does it ascend?
Does it

Does it

Does it
38 seconds ago?

38 seconds ago?

38 seconds ago?
You tell me. Not bizop

You tell me. Not bizop

You tell me. Not bizop
market. That's hard to sell in and it's

market. That's hard to sell in and it's

market. That's hard to sell in and it's
working. Praise God for that. Always.

working. Praise God for that. Always.

working. Praise God for that. Always.
Praise God for the win. Thank you God

Praise God for the win. Thank you God

Praise God for the win. Thank you God
for that. Credit to my team. Everyone's

for that. Credit to my team. Everyone's

for that. Credit to my team. Everyone's
crushing sales team. Well, this works. I

crushing sales team. Well, this works. I

crushing sales team. Well, this works. I
have proof. 30 38 seconds ago.

have proof. 30 38 seconds ago.

have proof. 30 38 seconds ago.
Boom. Inside of Shout out

Boom. Inside of Shout out

Boom. Inside of Shout out
Have you done any low ticket funnels

Have you done any low ticket funnels

Have you done any low ticket funnels
monthly school communities? Have I done

monthly school communities? Have I done

monthly school communities? Have I done
any? Have I done any Lucas? Come on,

any? Have I done any Lucas? Come on,

any? Have I done any Lucas? Come on,
man. Come on, man. Who do you think I

man. Come on, man. Who do you think I

man. Come on, man. Who do you think I
am? Who do you think I am? Let me pull

am? Who do you think I am? Let me pull

am? Who do you think I am? Let me pull
some up for you, buddy. Let me pull

some up for you, buddy. Let me pull

some up for you, buddy. Let me pull
Sorry, I mean to call you buddy. That is

Sorry, I mean to call you buddy. That is

Sorry, I mean to call you buddy. That is
just disrespectful. Let me pull you some

just disrespectful. Let me pull you some

just disrespectful. Let me pull you some
up for you, my man. All right, my

up for you, my man. All right, my

up for you, my man. All right, my
brother.

brother.

brother.
Where, oh, where could this be? Where

Where, oh, where could this be? Where

Where, oh, where could this be? Where
could this be? Let me pull this up for

could this be? Let me pull this up for

could this be? Let me pull this up for
you. Ask and you shall receive, brother.









check. One, two. All right, you guys

check. One, two. All right, you guys
hear me now? Check check. We back.

hear me now? Check check. We back.

hear me now? Check check. We back.
Hey, we back. You guys hear me? All

Hey, we back. You guys hear me? All

Hey, we back. You guys hear me? All
right. All right, Bunny. Bro, YouTube is

right. All right, Bunny. Bro, YouTube is

right. All right, Bunny. Bro, YouTube is
so dumb. Anyways, as someone was saying,

so dumb. Anyways, as someone was saying,

so dumb. Anyways, as someone was saying,
as Lucas was asking, have I done

as Lucas was asking, have I done

as Lucas was asking, have I done
recurring before?

recurring before?

recurring before?
Yes, I have to school group. I will I

Yes, I have to school group. I will I

Yes, I have to school group. I will I
can't play audio weird, but I'll send

can't play audio weird, but I'll send

can't play audio weird, but I'll send
this in chat. You guys know Jeff Miller.

this in chat. You guys know Jeff Miller.

this in chat. You guys know Jeff Miller.
Pretty much Jeff Miller says here, he

Pretty much Jeff Miller says here, he

Pretty much Jeff Miller says here, he
talks about how much he's making for

talks about how much he's making for

talks about how much he's making for
school group. We built him a low ticket

school group. We built him a low ticket

school group. We built him a low ticket
offer called agency

offer called agency

offer called agency
uh BTS.

uh BTS.

uh BTS.
And this offer we ran the upsell is a

And this offer we ran the upsell is a

And this offer we ran the upsell is a
recurring group. You guys can go through

recurring group. You guys can go through

recurring group. You guys can go through
it. I'll send in a chat. But we got his

it. I'll send in a chat. But we got his

it. I'll send in a chat. But we got his
school group to over $100,000 a month in

school group to over $100,000 a month in

school group to over $100,000 a month in
recurring before uh just on cold traffic

recurring before uh just on cold traffic

recurring before uh just on cold traffic
and we're liquidating on the front end.

and we're liquidating on the front end.

and we're liquidating on the front end.
So very janky film, nothing fancy, but

So very janky film, nothing fancy, but

So very janky film, nothing fancy, but
yeah, we scaled one of like groups fast

yeah, we scaled one of like groups fast

yeah, we scaled one of like groups fast
with ads and most people and school

with ads and most people and school

with ads and most people and school
games all that organic. They've never

games all that organic. They've never

games all that organic. They've never
done ads. They don't use ads. And I was

done ads. They don't use ads. And I was

done ads. They don't use ads. And I was
one of the first to crack with low

one of the first to crack with low

one of the first to crack with low
ticket. And so we had a testimonial from

ticket. And so we had a testimonial from

ticket. And so we had a testimonial from
Jeff uh from that. So yeah, we've we've

Jeff uh from that. So yeah, we've we've

Jeff uh from that. So yeah, we've we've
done that one. It works super well using

done that one. It works super well using

done that one. It works super well using
that same funnel. All that changes is

that same funnel. All that changes is

that same funnel. All that changes is
the upsell goes from book call to do the

the upsell goes from book call to do the

the upsell goes from book call to do the
recurring.

recurring.

recurring.
Um, so Josh, these things I'd have to do

Um, so Josh, these things I'd have to do

Um, so Josh, these things I'd have to do
for my offer. I would say for you Cole,

for my offer. I would say for you Cole,

for my offer. I would say for you Cole,
like if once you're ready to run ads, I

like if once you're ready to run ads, I

like if once you're ready to run ads, I
would. But to start now, if you're just

would. But to start now, if you're just

would. But to start now, if you're just
grinding, getting validation, I wouldn't

grinding, getting validation, I wouldn't

grinding, getting validation, I wouldn't
worry about too much because I know

worry about too much because I know

worry about too much because I know
you're grinding the organic. But it's

you're grinding the organic. But it's

you're grinding the organic. But it's
definitely one of the things when you're

definitely one of the things when you're

definitely one of the things when you're
ready to start running ads that you'd

ready to start running ads that you'd

ready to start running ads that you'd
want to get to. Do you have any ideas

want to get to. Do you have any ideas

want to get to. Do you have any ideas
for order bumps for locksmith's training

for order bumps for locksmith's training

for order bumps for locksmith's training
low ticket funnel? Um, what is like is

low ticket funnel? Um, what is like is

low ticket funnel? Um, what is like is
what is what are you helping the

what is what are you helping the

what is what are you helping the
locksmith people do? Let me see your

locksmith people do? Let me see your

locksmith people do? Let me see your
channel.





Let me see your channel. What do you

Let me see your channel. What do you
teach?

teach?

teach?
Okay. Locksmith secrets. Very

Okay. Locksmith secrets. Very

Okay. Locksmith secrets. Very
interesting niche

interesting niche

interesting niche
breakdown. Like this offer.





Very very cool. We should talk. We

Very very cool. We should talk. We
should talk. Might have to publish you.

should talk. Might have to publish you.

should talk. Might have to publish you.
I need to bring you down the portfolio.

I need to bring you down the portfolio.

I need to bring you down the portfolio.
This is nice.

This is nice.

This is nice.
I mean, what else? What are you teaching

I mean, what else? What are you teaching

I mean, what else? What are you teaching
them? So, we have $27.





What is this converting right now? Do

What is this converting right now? Do
you have any stats on this?





Any stats?

Any stats?
I wonder if uh if you're still here,

I wonder if uh if you're still here,

I wonder if uh if you're still here,
brother. Locksmith secrets. You still

brother. Locksmith secrets. You still

brother. Locksmith secrets. You still
here?

here?

here?
Let me know before I keep asking you

Let me know before I keep asking you

Let me know before I keep asking you
questions.





But um

But um
okay, let's see here.





Watch your 1K day auto locksmith

Watch your 1K day auto locksmith
hustle.com your job. So looking through

hustle.com your job. So looking through

hustle.com your job. So looking through
your funnel. Make this smaller. Make

your funnel. Make this smaller. Make

your funnel. Make this smaller. Make
this logo big. Take this just take out

this logo big. Take this just take out

this logo big. Take this just take out
this logo all together. Make the thing

this logo all together. Make the thing

this logo all together. Make the thing
red for the alert. Make this smaller.

red for the alert. Make this smaller.

red for the alert. Make this smaller.
Um take this out and just say easy

Um take this out and just say easy

Um take this out and just say easy
setup. No tech.

setup. No tech.

setup. No tech.
um here you make this small error

um here you make this small error

um here you make this small error
and then

and then

and then
get instant access.

get instant access.

get instant access.
What is Yeah, there's a lot of design

What is Yeah, there's a lot of design

What is Yeah, there's a lot of design
you like you could fix and do lot like

you like you could fix and do lot like

you like you could fix and do lot like
make sure it's not like AI but obvious

make sure it's not like AI but obvious

make sure it's not like AI but obvious
market they're probably not super aware

market they're probably not super aware

market they're probably not super aware
of things so they probably don't care

of things so they probably don't care

of things so they probably don't care
but like if I were you I'd go to like a

but like if I were you I'd go to like a

but like if I were you I'd go to like a
funnel designer who I can recommend you

funnel designer who I can recommend you

funnel designer who I can recommend you
to and say hey like make this look

to and say hey like make this look

to and say hey like make this look
better and just have them make it look

better and just have them make it look

better and just have them make it look
better and keep your same copy and it

better and keep your same copy and it

better and keep your same copy and it
probably cook but order bumps if you're

probably cook but order bumps if you're

probably cook but order bumps if you're
teaching them how to start your order

teaching them how to start your order

teaching them how to start your order
bumps are all around like getting

bumps are all around like getting

bumps are all around like getting
clients if you don't have bumps it's

clients if you don't have bumps it's

clients if you don't have bumps it's
just like I want to see what your bumps

just like I want to see what your bumps

just like I want to see what your bumps
are right now

are right now

are right now
um

um

um
he's spamming





So, I wouldn't do the what's you could

So, I wouldn't do the what's you could
do the one app, but I would do like

do the one app, but I would do like

do the one app, but I would do like
templates. So, it's like pricing

templates. So, it's like pricing

templates. So, it's like pricing
templates or you might need a pulse

templates or you might need a pulse

templates or you might need a pulse
thing for your front-end bonuses, but

thing for your front-end bonuses, but

thing for your front-end bonuses, but
it's like client gen pricing, branding,

it's like client gen pricing, branding,

it's like client gen pricing, branding,
website templates, anything that's with

website templates, anything that's with

website templates, anything that's with
like their profession, making them have

like their profession, making them have

like their profession, making them have
like like I would like some of these

like like I would like some of these

like like I would like some of these
offers I would do um yeah, usually it's

offers I would do um yeah, usually it's

offers I would do um yeah, usually it's
pricing, how to price, position yourself

pricing, how to price, position yourself

pricing, how to price, position yourself
online to have credibility,

online to have credibility,

online to have credibility,
and then

and then

and then
like or how to do referrals, how to get

like or how to do referrals, how to get

like or how to do referrals, how to get
reviews, just think about all things

reviews, just think about all things

reviews, just think about all things
like getting clients because they want

like getting clients because they want

like getting clients because they want
to start making money. So that's what

to start making money. So that's what

to start making money. So that's what
you want to do for an order bump. And

you want to do for an order bump. And

you want to do for an order bump. And
then the insiders group. This would be

then the insiders group. This would be

then the insiders group. This would be
like a upsell afterwards if you were

like a upsell afterwards if you were

like a upsell afterwards if you were
going to do recurring. I wouldn't put it

going to do recurring. I wouldn't put it

going to do recurring. I wouldn't put it
in the bump. You could I guess you could

in the bump. You could I guess you could

in the bump. You could I guess you could
leave it as a bump, but it's like I just

leave it as a bump, but it's like I just

leave it as a bump, but it's like I just
don't know what your back end is. So two

don't know what your back end is. So two

don't know what your back end is. So two
to three% of front end. Yeah, I think

to three% of front end. Yeah, I think

to three% of front end. Yeah, I think
you can get higher with those like

you can get higher with those like

you can get higher with those like
overall changes I talked about. That

overall changes I talked about. That

overall changes I talked about. That
should be like 5%. Are you running ads

should be like 5%. Are you running ads

should be like 5%. Are you running ads
to it? Lockmith secrets or is that

to it? Lockmith secrets or is that

to it? Lockmith secrets or is that
organic? It's organic and probably

organic? It's organic and probably

organic? It's organic and probably
should be higher. For order bumps, do

should be higher. For order bumps, do

should be higher. For order bumps, do
you know when the good enough to change?

you know when the good enough to change?

you know when the good enough to change?
See, for order bumps, how do you know

See, for order bumps, how do you know

See, for order bumps, how do you know
when the product is good enough to

when the product is good enough to

when the product is good enough to
charge $27 plus? You do whatever. It

charge $27 plus? You do whatever. It

charge $27 plus? You do whatever. It
doesn't really matter. Like, I just do

doesn't really matter. Like, I just do

doesn't really matter. Like, I just do
17 because I look at my market. I see

17 because I look at my market. I see

17 because I look at my market. I see
what other people are doing and I try to

what other people are doing and I try to

what other people are doing and I try to
do something different. But I also like

do something different. But I also like

do something different. But I also like
I was talking to Blake Wyatt and we're

I was talking to Blake Wyatt and we're

I was talking to Blake Wyatt and we're
going to start testing like pricing that

going to start testing like pricing that

going to start testing like pricing that
looks more legit. That's like $12.95,

looks more legit. That's like $12.95,

looks more legit. That's like $12.95,
right? So, looks like Amazon pricing,

right? So, looks like Amazon pricing,

right? So, looks like Amazon pricing,
but like I just wouldn't go past $27.

but like I just wouldn't go past $27.

but like I just wouldn't go past $27.
You could do 27, but I wouldn't go past

You could do 27, but I wouldn't go past

You could do 27, but I wouldn't go past
it. They just price test every a

it. They just price test every a

it. They just price test every a
thousand customers to see which one does

thousand customers to see which one does

thousand customers to see which one does
better.





That's when I change it. Thoughts on

That's when I change it. Thoughts on
news with bisop offers? Yeah, I mean

news with bisop offers? Yeah, I mean

news with bisop offers? Yeah, I mean
that's we do a bisop offer. A lot of my

that's we do a bisop offer. A lot of my

that's we do a bisop offer. A lot of my
clients are in bisop. So, uh yeah, very

clients are in bisop. So, uh yeah, very

clients are in bisop. So, uh yeah, very
normal.





like how would you execute it? Same way

like how would you execute it? Same way
front-end offer like our business office

front-end offer like our business office

front-end offer like our business office
is front and off for $17, three order

is front and off for $17, three order

is front and off for $17, three order
bumps all around like lead genen service

bumps all around like lead genen service

bumps all around like lead genen service
packaging things like that and then we

packaging things like that and then we

packaging things like that and then we
go right to book a call two-step

go right to book a call two-step

go right to book a call two-step
onboarding implementation call and then

onboarding implementation call and then

onboarding implementation call and then
have a second call where you close them.

have a second call where you close them.

have a second call where you close them.
So just same I implemented the same way

So just same I implemented the same way

So just same I implemented the same way
that I shared with you guys here

that I shared with you guys here

that I shared with you guys here
already.





What is your question exactly though?

What is your question exactly though?
Maybe you meant something else.





Maybe you meant something else.

Maybe you meant something else.
But that's how I would do it.





If you guys have questions about your

If you guys have questions about your
offer, low tickets in general, feel free

offer, low tickets in general, feel free

offer, low tickets in general, feel free
to drop it below.









Let's see here. Awesome. Thanks. Like,

Let's see here. Awesome. Thanks. Like,
how do you sweet? Yo, what's up,

how do you sweet? Yo, what's up,

how do you sweet? Yo, what's up,
Charlie? Good to see you, dog.

Charlie? Good to see you, dog.

Charlie? Good to see you, dog.
Good to see you.

Good to see you.

Good to see you.
But yeah, I would say um yeah, what's

But yeah, I would say um yeah, what's

But yeah, I would say um yeah, what's
your time cold launch it? But right now,

your time cold launch it? But right now,

your time cold launch it? But right now,
just stay on the course you have right

just stay on the course you have right

just stay on the course you have right
now. Focus on the organic and then add

now. Focus on the organic and then add

now. Focus on the organic and then add
this when you're ready to go to ads.

this when you're ready to go to ads.

this when you're ready to go to ads.
Yeah, you can just recurring, but like

Yeah, you can just recurring, but like

Yeah, you can just recurring, but like
for calls, call funnel, it's like the

for calls, call funnel, it's like the

for calls, call funnel, it's like the
best right now. Pretty much all you're

best right now. Pretty much all you're

best right now. Pretty much all you're
doing is you're just attaching in like a

doing is you're just attaching in like a

doing is you're just attaching in like a
sales page and order form before your

sales page and order form before your

sales page and order form before your
VSSL call funnel versus attaching a

VSSL call funnel versus attaching a

VSSL call funnel versus attaching a
front end to liquidate it. So that's the

front end to liquidate it. So that's the

front end to liquidate it. So that's the
beautiful thing about this model is

beautiful thing about this model is

beautiful thing about this model is
you're not actually having to build that

you're not actually having to build that

you're not actually having to build that
many more steps and you don't have to

many more steps and you don't have to

many more steps and you don't have to
write a ton of copy to do it.

write a ton of copy to do it.

write a ton of copy to do it.
Very very simple to get live.





Can you link the sheet? Yeah, I'll be

Can you link the sheet? Yeah, I'll be
dropping the sheet sheet at the end. Do

dropping the sheet sheet at the end. Do

dropping the sheet sheet at the end. Do
you think you're handsome? Lol. Oz, get

you think you're handsome? Lol. Oz, get

you think you're handsome? Lol. Oz, get
this boy out the chat. Kick, kick,

this boy out the chat. Kick, kick,

this boy out the chat. Kick, kick,
kick him.

kick him.

kick him.
He's gone. He's gone. Just kidding. I'm

He's gone. He's gone. Just kidding. I'm

He's gone. He's gone. Just kidding. I'm
joking. We're not kicking him. I

joking. We're not kicking him. I

joking. We're not kicking him. I
appreciate it, bro. Thanks for calling

appreciate it, bro. Thanks for calling

appreciate it, bro. Thanks for calling
me handsome.





Yes, I'll drop this sheet at the end.

Yes, I'll drop this sheet at the end.
Don't you worry.

Don't you worry.

Don't you worry.
Again, for those of you just jumping on

Again, for those of you just jumping on

Again, for those of you just jumping on
now, make sure to watch the replay. We

now, make sure to watch the replay. We

now, make sure to watch the replay. We
talked about the low to get call funnel

talked about the low to get call funnel

talked about the low to get call funnel
running right now to book calls around

running right now to book calls around

running right now to book calls around
$60 net cost per call.

$60 net cost per call.

$60 net cost per call.
Have my nice little Figma board up for

Have my nice little Figma board up for

Have my nice little Figma board up for
you guys walking through everything. But

you guys walking through everything. But

you guys walking through everything. But
for those you guys who are live looking

for those you guys who are live looking

for those you guys who are live looking
at this process, what step is feels most

at this process, what step is feels most

at this process, what step is feels most
daunting to you or unclear?

daunting to you or unclear?

daunting to you or unclear?
If you're like, "Yo, Josh, like this

If you're like, "Yo, Josh, like this

If you're like, "Yo, Josh, like this
this one step is like really

this one step is like really

this one step is like really
this one's really freaking me out. I'm

this one's really freaking me out. I'm

this one's really freaking me out. I'm
not sure what to do." Like what would

not sure what to do." Like what would

not sure what to do." Like what would
you say that is for you? Let me get your

you say that is for you? Let me get your

you say that is for you? Let me get your
chat out here, too, so I can

chat out here, too, so I can

chat out here, too, so I can
see it as I'm going through this, too.

see it as I'm going through this, too.

see it as I'm going through this, too.
No. Get out of here.





Looking forward to inner circle live,

Looking forward to inner circle live,
man. Hey, fire, dude.





Will Kale and Brett jump on? When Kale

Will Kale and Brett jump on? When Kale
and Brett use to jump on, will it be

and Brett use to jump on, will it be

and Brett use to jump on, will it be
like that again? I don't remember what

like that again? I don't remember what

like that again? I don't remember what
that looked like. Maybe it'll be before

that looked like. Maybe it'll be before

that looked like. Maybe it'll be before
I was in there. I don't remember exactly

I was in there. I don't remember exactly

I was in there. I don't remember exactly
what that looked like. What do you mean?

what that looked like. What do you mean?

what that looked like. What do you mean?
But yeah, excited for inner circle live.

But yeah, excited for inner circle live.

But yeah, excited for inner circle live.
Should be good.





got a good uh good call lined up for

got a good uh good call lined up for
that in W University for everyone who's

that in W University for everyone who's

that in W University for everyone who's
in the inner circle. If you've done over

in the inner circle. If you've done over

in the inner circle. If you've done over
$10,000 a month, you can be a part of

$10,000 a month, you can be a part of

$10,000 a month, you can be a part of
that call.

that call.

that call.
Yeah, Dylan. Yeah, he probably used to

Yeah, Dylan. Yeah, he probably used to

Yeah, Dylan. Yeah, he probably used to
run it. But yeah, we're going to do it

run it. But yeah, we're going to do it

run it. But yeah, we're going to do it
very topical because right now like I'm

very topical because right now like I'm

very topical because right now like I'm
consulting like some of the biggest

consulting like some of the biggest

consulting like some of the biggest
people on Like I have a call this

people on Like I have a call this

people on Like I have a call this
week, they paid for consulting call, one

week, they paid for consulting call, one

week, they paid for consulting call, one
of the biggest offers on Have me

of the biggest offers on Have me

of the biggest offers on Have me
come and consult. So there's things I

come and consult. So there's things I

come and consult. So there's things I
teach them on that call that I then

teach them on that call that I then

teach them on that call that I then
bring to you guys. And then I did one

bring to you guys. And then I did one

bring to you guys. And then I did one
for the largest paid recurring

for the largest paid recurring

for the largest paid recurring
community, consulted them. So we have a

community, consulted them. So we have a

community, consulted them. So we have a
topic on that. And so we have a lot of

topic on that. And so we have a lot of

topic on that. And so we have a lot of
like higher level topics for those of

like higher level topics for those of

like higher level topics for those of
you guys who are on who are

you guys who are on who are

you guys who are on who are
processing over $10,000 a month in that

processing over $10,000 a month in that

processing over $10,000 a month in that
club that you guys will get. So that's

club that you guys will get. So that's

club that you guys will get. So that's
my goal with this. Just share what I'm

my goal with this. Just share what I'm

my goal with this. Just share what I'm
teaching like the highest people.

teaching like the highest people.

teaching like the highest people.
Special guests teaching specific stuff.

Special guests teaching specific stuff.

Special guests teaching specific stuff.
Ian you was on was crazy good. Um yeah,

Ian you was on was crazy good. Um yeah,

Ian you was on was crazy good. Um yeah,
dude. We'll definitely have that. We

dude. We'll definitely have that. We

dude. We'll definitely have that. We
want to bring in like special guests

want to bring in like special guests

want to bring in like special guests
that are really across the board for a

that are really across the board for a

that are really across the board for a
lot of people uh and like different

lot of people uh and like different

lot of people uh and like different
people. So, I love interviewing people.

people. So, I love interviewing people.

people. So, I love interviewing people.
So, um it'll be fire.









Let's see. I'm switching to W for

Let's see. I'm switching to W for
payment process. I ag 100%. Appreciate

payment process. I ag 100%. Appreciate

payment process. I ag 100%. Appreciate
you, Charlie. Thanks for jumping on,

you, Charlie. Thanks for jumping on,

you, Charlie. Thanks for jumping on,
dog. Uh, hey Josh, would you run ads

dog. Uh, hey Josh, would you run ads

dog. Uh, hey Josh, would you run ads
with a low ticket home seller and get

with a low ticket home seller and get

with a low ticket home seller and get
listings to the back end? No.

listings to the back end? No.

listings to the back end? No.
Wait, run ads with a low ticket seller

Wait, run ads with a low ticket seller

Wait, run ads with a low ticket seller
and get listings to the back end. Oh,

and get listings to the back end. Oh,

and get listings to the back end. Oh,
it's like a real estate offer. Yeah, I

it's like a real estate offer. Yeah, I

it's like a real estate offer. Yeah, I
would think like what's a milestone

would think like what's a milestone

would think like what's a milestone
offer on the front end? Like if I were

offer on the front end? Like if I were

offer on the front end? Like if I were
you, go watch my live stream from last

you, go watch my live stream from last

you, go watch my live stream from last
week and that sounds like a milestone

week and that sounds like a milestone

week and that sounds like a milestone
offer, but yeah, I think that's fine.

offer, but yeah, I think that's fine.

offer, but yeah, I think that's fine.
Like get get sellers and get listings or

Like get get sellers and get listings or

Like get get sellers and get listings or
vice versa, whichever one they really

vice versa, whichever one they really

vice versa, whichever one they really
want the most.

want the most.

want the most.
Where do you see the future of funnels?

Where do you see the future of funnels?

Where do you see the future of funnels?
I'm seeing low ticket everywhere and

I'm seeing low ticket everywhere and

I'm seeing low ticket everywhere and
rising. I mean, the future of funnels is

rising. I mean, the future of funnels is

rising. I mean, the future of funnels is
just like whoever can spend the most to

just like whoever can spend the most to

just like whoever can spend the most to
attract a customer, which Dan Kenny has

attract a customer, which Dan Kenny has

attract a customer, which Dan Kenny has
been saying forever, which that's why

been saying forever, which that's why

been saying forever, which that's why
Load to get is so big because it's the

Load to get is so big because it's the

Load to get is so big because it's the
one model that allows you to spend the

one model that allows you to spend the

one model that allows you to spend the
most to get a customer. So, I think

most to get a customer. So, I think

most to get a customer. So, I think
that's where it's going.

that's where it's going.

that's where it's going.
So, you start with one offer, book a

So, you start with one offer, book a

So, you start with one offer, book a
call, and once that's going, you add

call, and once that's going, you add

call, and once that's going, you add
upsells after.

upsells after.

upsells after.
Um, yeah, I like we will add upsells if

Um, yeah, I like we will add upsells if

Um, yeah, I like we will add upsells if
we can't get the front end to liquidate.

we can't get the front end to liquidate.

we can't get the front end to liquidate.
So, one of our offers, we ran like

So, one of our offers, we ran like

So, one of our offers, we ran like
$300,000 or $100,000 in spend and we

$300,000 or $100,000 in spend and we

$300,000 or $100,000 in spend and we
were only at like a 0.5 of the front

were only at like a 0.5 of the front

were only at like a 0.5 of the front
end. So, we couldn't get it to cook with

end. So, we couldn't get it to cook with

end. So, we couldn't get it to cook with
a front end offer and just a bump. So,

a front end offer and just a bump. So,

a front end offer and just a bump. So,
now we're going to add in an upsell to

now we're going to add in an upsell to

now we're going to add in an upsell to
get to break even. But, yeah, I just do

get to break even. But, yeah, I just do

get to break even. But, yeah, I just do
front end. I just do the front end order

front end. I just do the front end order

front end. I just do the front end order
bump and I won't add these in until

bump and I won't add these in until

bump and I won't add these in until
later. And I just validate ascension

later. And I just validate ascension

later. And I just validate ascension
because I want to validate ascension

because I want to validate ascension

because I want to validate ascension
first so many people get there as fast

first so many people get there as fast

first so many people get there as fast
as possible. So, um that's why

as possible. So, um that's why

as possible. So, um that's why
that's why like what I showed you guys

that's why like what I showed you guys

that's why like what I showed you guys
like works. Like again, like if you guys

like works. Like again, like if you guys

like works. Like again, like if you guys
just on uh 11 minutes ago, we just got a

just on uh 11 minutes ago, we just got a

just on uh 11 minutes ago, we just got a
piff from low ticket using this funnel I

piff from low ticket using this funnel I

piff from low ticket using this funnel I
just shared with you guys. So, we only

just shared with you guys. So, we only

just shared with you guys. So, we only
get piffs, too. People like, "Oh, low

get piffs, too. People like, "Oh, low

get piffs, too. People like, "Oh, low
ticket only attracts

ticket only attracts

ticket only attracts
low ticket buyers." Like, bro, why have

low ticket buyers." Like, bro, why have

low ticket buyers." Like, bro, why have
like all our last month and this month

like all our last month and this month

like all our last month and this month
only been pissed then? Okay. Like, no

only been pissed then? Okay. Like, no

only been pissed then? Okay. Like, no
one's putting on payment plans. No

one's putting on payment plans. No

one's putting on payment plans. No
financing, nothing. So you just have the

financing, nothing. So you just have the

financing, nothing. So you just have the
wrong messaging your funnel. If that's

wrong messaging your funnel. If that's

wrong messaging your funnel. If that's
the case





inside school saying DMs book a call for

inside school saying DMs book a call for
it is better than having OTO page to

it is better than having OTO page to

it is better than having OTO page to
check out what VSSL you need both have

check out what VSSL you need both have

check out what VSSL you need both have
the VSSL to book a call and then also

the VSSL to book a call and then also

the VSSL to book a call and then also
have a setter inside the we have both.

have a setter inside the we have both.

have a setter inside the we have both.
You want to have both going so make sure

You want to have both going so make sure

You want to have both going so make sure
you have both running. What's your take

you have both running. What's your take

you have both running. What's your take
on going ascension for dating or for

on going ascension for dating or for

on going ascension for dating or for
dating organic only or should I go

dating organic only or should I go

dating organic only or should I go
straight to callfunnel and see how it

straight to callfunnel and see how it

straight to callfunnel and see how it
goes? If you haven't validated your high

goes? If you haven't validated your high

goes? If you haven't validated your high
ticket offer yet and sold it, then go

ticket offer yet and sold it, then go

ticket offer yet and sold it, then go
sell it without the low ticket and then

sell it without the low ticket and then

sell it without the low ticket and then
add a low ticket in front of it once

add a low ticket in front of it once

add a low ticket in front of it once
you've sold and you got validation like

you've sold and you got validation like

you've sold and you got validation like
you know you sold five 10ish units your

you know you sold five 10ish units your

you know you sold five 10ish units your
high ticket and you know people actually

high ticket and you know people actually

high ticket and you know people actually
want it.





Still not back in WP. You got kicked

Still not back in WP. You got kicked
out. Yeah. I mean, you must have like

out. Yeah. I mean, you must have like

out. Yeah. I mean, you must have like
you probably kicked out your spamming

you probably kicked out your spamming

you probably kicked out your spamming
too much

too much

too much
or you said something wasn't good or

or you said something wasn't good or

or you said something wasn't good or
something like I don't know. I don't run

something like I don't know. I don't run

something like I don't know. I don't run
I don't run moderation. So, um you could

I don't run moderation. So, um you could

I don't run moderation. So, um you could
talk to Tiana about that. Any news on

talk to Tiana about that. Any news on

talk to Tiana about that. Any news on
offer publisher new version update?

offer publisher new version update?

offer publisher new version update?
Yeah, we're working on it. Um, we're

Yeah, we're working on it. Um, we're

Yeah, we're working on it. Um, we're
going to do like off publisher. We're

going to do like off publisher. We're

going to do like off publisher. We're
working on it and it's going to be

working on it and it's going to be

working on it and it's going to be
pretty like I'm trying to I don't know

pretty like I'm trying to I don't know

pretty like I'm trying to I don't know
publicly but inside of it like I'm

publicly but inside of it like I'm

publicly but inside of it like I'm
trying to just like go do cohorts with

trying to just like go do cohorts with

trying to just like go do cohorts with
like who are serious with it to train

like who are serious with it to train

like who are serious with it to train
people up to come into my offers and my

people up to come into my offers and my

people up to come into my offers and my
team and so um

team and so um

team and so um
we're going to have another version

we're going to have another version

we're going to have another version
coming out probably at this point. It is

coming out probably at this point. It is

coming out probably at this point. It is
looking like summer. I mean, it's like a

looking like summer. I mean, it's like a

looking like summer. I mean, it's like a
Q2, Q3 thing, right? Current version is

Q2, Q3 thing, right? Current version is

Q2, Q3 thing, right? Current version is
like good enough for what we need, but I

like good enough for what we need, but I

like good enough for what we need, but I
want to do another version going into

want to do another version going into

want to do another version going into
the fall or the summer. So, once like

the fall or the summer. So, once like

the fall or the summer. So, once like
I'm just really focused on our

I'm just really focused on our

I'm just really focused on our
publishing deals right now. And so,

publishing deals right now. And so,

publishing deals right now. And so,
we're gaining a ton of insights and

we're gaining a ton of insights and

we're gaining a ton of insights and
getting a lot of stuff there. And then

getting a lot of stuff there. And then

getting a lot of stuff there. And then
we'll be able to come back to you guys

we'll be able to come back to you guys

we'll be able to come back to you guys
and really deliver amazing V. I think

and really deliver amazing V. I think

and really deliver amazing V. I think
it's V4, Offer Publisher V4, which will

it's V4, Offer Publisher V4, which will

it's V4, Offer Publisher V4, which will
probably change the name, too.





Uh, really? I thought if they don't book

Uh, really? I thought if they don't book
a call in the Otto page, then they get

a call in the Otto page, then they get

a call in the Otto page, then they get
DMs trying to sell them against

DMs trying to sell them against

DMs trying to sell them against
annoying. You're assuming that, right?

annoying. You're assuming that, right?

annoying. You're assuming that, right?
It's annoying if you're being annoying,

It's annoying if you're being annoying,

It's annoying if you're being annoying,
but there's other ways to reactivate

but there's other ways to reactivate

but there's other ways to reactivate
them. Like I said, we do emails with

them. Like I said, we do emails with

them. Like I said, we do emails with
value with CTAs. We do onboarding calls

value with CTAs. We do onboarding calls

value with CTAs. We do onboarding calls
with the CTA at the end. We have setters

with the CTA at the end. We have setters

with the CTA at the end. We have setters
calling them to like make sure you're

calling them to like make sure you're

calling them to like make sure you're
logged in. In the members area, we have

logged in. In the members area, we have

logged in. In the members area, we have
CTAs. So, you want to have everything

CTAs. So, you want to have everything

CTAs. So, you want to have everything
you want to have right in the funnel and

you want to have right in the funnel and

you want to have right in the funnel and
you want to have all the stuff on the

you want to have all the stuff on the

you want to have all the stuff on the
back end.





Now, I want to answer some more

Now, I want to answer some more
questions. I do have a call with

questions. I do have a call with

questions. I do have a call with
somebody. They're doing a massive

somebody. They're doing a massive

somebody. They're doing a massive
massive massive launch right now and

massive massive launch right now and

massive massive launch right now and
they want to have a call with me. That's

they want to have a call with me. That's

they want to have a call with me. That's
another big big account at So, I

another big big account at So, I

another big big account at So, I
have to do have to go soon to help them

have to do have to go soon to help them

have to do have to go soon to help them
with that. Um, but I'm going to put up a

with that. Um, but I'm going to put up a

with that. Um, but I'm going to put up a
timer here. We'll do some questions

timer here. We'll do some questions

timer here. We'll do some questions
rapid fire in the chat. Once this timer

rapid fire in the chat. Once this timer

rapid fire in the chat. Once this timer
goes off, I'll be logging off. uh if at

goes off, I'll be logging off. uh if at

goes off, I'll be logging off. uh if at
the end of this timer I'll drop the link

the end of this timer I'll drop the link

the end of this timer I'll drop the link
to the sheet that I shared in this

to the sheet that I shared in this

to the sheet that I shared in this
training so you guys can grab that. Uh

training so you guys can grab that. Uh

training so you guys can grab that. Uh
and then also if you're watching the

and then also if you're watching the

and then also if you're watching the
replay you can go ahead and comment

replay you can go ahead and comment

replay you can go ahead and comment
sheet down below and I'll get that to

sheet down below and I'll get that to

sheet down below and I'll get that to
you as well. And then also one thing I

you as well. And then also one thing I

you as well. And then also one thing I
want to let you guys know as you guys

want to let you guys know as you guys

want to let you guys know as you guys
are typing out your questions your last

are typing out your questions your last

are typing out your questions your last
questions here. Uh every single month me

questions here. Uh every single month me

questions here. Uh every single month me
and my team we take on one done for you

and my team we take on one done for you

and my team we take on one done for you
load ascension build where we do

load ascension build where we do

load ascension build where we do
everything for you even outlining your

everything for you even outlining your

everything for you even outlining your
entire product. All you have to do is

entire product. All you have to do is

entire product. All you have to do is
film it. We do one of these a month and

film it. We do one of these a month and

film it. We do one of these a month and
this is just a way for us to vet out and

this is just a way for us to vet out and

this is just a way for us to vet out and
find people who' be interested in us

find people who' be interested in us

find people who' be interested in us
publishing them which means us paying

publishing them which means us paying

publishing them which means us paying
for all your ads and doing everything.

for all your ads and doing everything.

for all your ads and doing everything.
And so down in the link below you guys

And so down in the link below you guys

And so down in the link below you guys
can head over to clients forfree.comdone

can head over to clients forfree.comdone

can head over to clients forfree.comdone
for you uh and check out a video where I

for you uh and check out a video where I

for you uh and check out a video where I
break down everything. Uh there's no

break down everything. Uh there's no

break down everything. Uh there's no
place to book a call. I will review your

place to book a call. I will review your

place to book a call. I will review your
application and text you personally if I

application and text you personally if I

application and text you personally if I
think you're a good fit. Uh so this is

think you're a good fit. Uh so this is

think you're a good fit. Uh so this is
really for the highest level people

really for the highest level people

really for the highest level people
already have a high ticket offer. It's

already have a high ticket offer. It's

already have a high ticket offer. It's
already validated. This is not a cheap

already validated. This is not a cheap

already validated. This is not a cheap
offer for people who are just getting

offer for people who are just getting

offer for people who are just getting
started. If you are getting started, I

started. If you are getting started, I

started. If you are getting started, I
have other paths for you too like W

have other paths for you too like W

have other paths for you too like W
University as well as their other uh you

University as well as their other uh you

University as well as their other uh you
know low ticket launch plan. Uh but also

know low ticket launch plan. Uh but also

know low ticket launch plan. Uh but also
if you're looking for a 1hour consulting

if you're looking for a 1hour consulting

if you're looking for a 1hour consulting
uh if you go ahead and apply through

uh if you go ahead and apply through

uh if you go ahead and apply through
there and just I'll text you and I'll

there and just I'll text you and I'll

there and just I'll text you and I'll
send you a link for that as well. I have

send you a link for that as well. I have

send you a link for that as well. I have
about

about

about
four I'd say four or five hours left

four I'd say four or five hours left

four I'd say four or five hours left
this month I have open for consulting.

this month I have open for consulting.

this month I have open for consulting.
So, if you're interested in jumping on a

So, if you're interested in jumping on a

So, if you're interested in jumping on a
call with me oneonone, asking any

call with me oneonone, asking any

call with me oneonone, asking any
questions you may have or purchasing a

questions you may have or purchasing a

questions you may have or purchasing a
package, you get all my internal SOPs

package, you get all my internal SOPs

package, you get all my internal SOPs
and things like that, there's a route

and things like that, there's a route

and things like that, there's a route
for you. But the best place, just go to

for you. But the best place, just go to

for you. But the best place, just go to
clients forfree.comdone

clients forfree.comdone

clients forfree.comdone
for you or just load offers.com. So,

for you or just load offers.com. So,

for you or just load offers.com. So,
that's my one pitch. That's it. We got

that's my one pitch. That's it. We got

that's my one pitch. That's it. We got
that out of the way. You know where to

that out of the way. You know where to

that out of the way. You know where to
go. You guys are all marketers. You love

go. You guys are all marketers. You love

go. You guys are all marketers. You love
clicking links. So, I won't be I'm sure

clicking links. So, I won't be I'm sure

clicking links. So, I won't be I'm sure
you'll be there. But down below, we got

you'll be there. But down below, we got

you'll be there. But down below, we got
one minute left. What last questions you

one minute left. What last questions you

one minute left. What last questions you
have? Cole's got to run. Go do your

have? Cole's got to run. Go do your

have? Cole's got to run. Go do your
live. Go crush it, brother. Excited to

live. Go crush it, brother. Excited to

live. Go crush it, brother. Excited to
see what you do.

see what you do.

see what you do.
Um, it's going to be fire.

Um, it's going to be fire.

Um, it's going to be fire.
It's going to be fire.





But yeah, definitely like Lucas, make

But yeah, definitely like Lucas, make
sure you have all these things in the

sure you have all these things in the

sure you have all these things in the
back end. Have you worked in catalog

back end. Have you worked in catalog

back end. Have you worked in catalog
model, especially for backend instead of

model, especially for backend instead of

model, especially for backend instead of
high ticket? Yes, I have. We do that for

high ticket? Yes, I have. We do that for

high ticket? Yes, I have. We do that for
the interior design niche. Pretty much

the interior design niche. Pretty much

the interior design niche. Pretty much
we just launch a new offer every single

we just launch a new offer every single

we just launch a new offer every single
uh

uh

uh
every single month. Teacher buyers sales

every single month. Teacher buyers sales

every single month. Teacher buyers sales
to hire. Teach your buyers sales to hire

to hire. Teach your buyers sales to hire

to hire. Teach your buyers sales to hire
or teach sales reps conviction.

or teach sales reps conviction.

or teach sales reps conviction.
E- money, bro. What's up, G? You should

E- money, bro. What's up, G? You should

E- money, bro. What's up, G? You should
hit me up in Slack. Bad word. I gota say

hit me up in Slack. Bad word. I gota say

hit me up in Slack. Bad word. I gota say
it again. Also, you hit me up in Slack,

it again. Also, you hit me up in Slack,

it again. Also, you hit me up in Slack,
bro. We got to chat. I'll give you all

bro. We got to chat. I'll give you all

bro. We got to chat. I'll give you all
the sauce. Teach your buyers sales to

the sauce. Teach your buyers sales to

the sauce. Teach your buyers sales to
hire or teach your sales reps

hire or teach your sales reps

hire or teach your sales reps
convection. Conviction. Not sure what

convection. Conviction. Not sure what

convection. Conviction. Not sure what
that means.

that means.

that means.
I'm sure it's a fire question though.

I'm sure it's a fire question though.

I'm sure it's a fire question though.
Would you rather hire someone for your

Would you rather hire someone for your

Would you rather hire someone for your
community for a sales role? Oh, yeah.

community for a sales role? Oh, yeah.

community for a sales role? Oh, yeah.
Yeah.

Yeah.

Yeah.
Um or sales

Um or sales

Um or sales
your Yeah. So, I think I would for sure

your Yeah. So, I think I would for sure

your Yeah. So, I think I would for sure
if I feel my community that's one thing

if I feel my community that's one thing

if I feel my community that's one thing
we're trying to do for our one offer is

we're trying to do for our one offer is

we're trying to do for our one offer is
we're trying to get people

we're trying to get people

we're trying to get people
like from our who are customers who are

like from our who are customers who are

like from our who are customers who are
in the sales industry or can sell or are

in the sales industry or can sell or are

in the sales industry or can sell or are
interested to come in. I know Warrior

interested to come in. I know Warrior

interested to come in. I know Warrior
Babe, a lot of their original sales reps

Babe, a lot of their original sales reps

Babe, a lot of their original sales reps
are all people who were their customers

are all people who were their customers

are all people who were their customers
and that helps a ton like have a lot of

and that helps a ton like have a lot of

and that helps a ton like have a lot of
conviction. So, I love that. Um, and but

conviction. So, I love that. Um, and but

conviction. So, I love that. Um, and but
I also we have we have people on our

I also we have we have people on our

I also we have we have people on our
team right now who are not our customers

team right now who are not our customers

team right now who are not our customers
and are still selling it and can get

and are still selling it and can get

and are still selling it and can get
bought in. So, I think it's a nice

bought in. So, I think it's a nice

bought in. So, I think it's a nice
little bonus if it's there, but if you

little bonus if it's there, but if you

little bonus if it's there, but if you
don't, it's fine. Like, you can still

don't, it's fine. Like, you can still

don't, it's fine. Like, you can still
fix like a good sales rep, good sales

fix like a good sales rep, good sales

fix like a good sales rep, good sales
trainer will make sure like they're

trainer will make sure like they're

trainer will make sure like they're
dialed in even if they haven't really

dialed in even if they haven't really

dialed in even if they haven't really
gone through on product. So yeah, let me

gone through on product. So yeah, let me

gone through on product. So yeah, let me
know if you're having if you're

know if you're having if you're

know if you're having if you're
bottlenecked there or have any questions

bottlenecked there or have any questions

bottlenecked there or have any questions
on that um like with your existing

on that um like with your existing

on that um like with your existing
setup. Just let me know and I have

setup. Just let me know and I have

setup. Just let me know and I have
another option for you too that we can

another option for you too that we can

another option for you too that we can
we can run to to fix that. So

we can run to to fix that. So

we can run to to fix that. So
yeah, just let me know. Let me know

yeah, just let me know. Let me know

yeah, just let me know. Let me know
what's going on there. But hit me up in

what's going on there. But hit me up in

what's going on there. But hit me up in
Slack.

Slack.

Slack.
I got you, dog. All righty, guys. Well,

I got you, dog. All righty, guys. Well,

I got you, dog. All righty, guys. Well,
I gotta jump. It was a pleasure being

I gotta jump. It was a pleasure being

I gotta jump. It was a pleasure being
here. Thanks for being here live. Uh, it

here. Thanks for being here live. Uh, it

here. Thanks for being here live. Uh, it
means a lot. And oh, actually though,

means a lot. And oh, actually though,

means a lot. And oh, actually though,
we're here's the thing. We're not going

we're here's the thing. We're not going

we're here's the thing. We're not going
to jump yet. We have a few more

to jump yet. We have a few more

to jump yet. We have a few more
questions. We're at five 56 minutes and

questions. We're at five 56 minutes and

questions. We're at five 56 minutes and
I'm very OCD and I love when the

I'm very OCD and I love when the

I'm very OCD and I love when the
recording says one hour. So, we're going

recording says one hour. So, we're going

recording says one hour. So, we're going
to stop exactly an hour. So, you have

to stop exactly an hour. So, you have

to stop exactly an hour. So, you have
four more minutes. Um, I love when the

four more minutes. Um, I love when the

four more minutes. Um, I love when the
replay says that. But, let me get you

replay says that. But, let me get you

replay says that. But, let me get you
guys the sheet, too. As promised, I

guys the sheet, too. As promised, I

guys the sheet, too. As promised, I
forgot to do that. My bad. My bad. Let

forgot to do that. My bad. My bad. Let

forgot to do that. My bad. My bad. Let
me pull up the sheet for you guys.





Oh, no, no, no. Let me get a sheet for

Oh, no, no, no. Let me get a sheet for
you as promised. Do you guys want the

you as promised. Do you guys want the

you as promised. Do you guys want the
Figma board, too? Would that be helpful?

Figma board, too? Would that be helpful?

Figma board, too? Would that be helpful?
Do you want the Figma board here? I'll

Do you want the Figma board here? I'll

Do you want the Figma board here? I'll
just show the Figma board and have the

just show the Figma board and have the

just show the Figma board and have the
sheet linked inside of it. Is that Is

sheet linked inside of it. Is that Is

sheet linked inside of it. Is that Is
that okay?

that okay?

that okay?
Let's use the Figma board. You guys like

Let's use the Figma board. You guys like

Let's use the Figma board. You guys like
your Figma boards. You guys are Figma

your Figma boards. You guys are Figma

your Figma boards. You guys are Figma
board warriors.

board warriors.

board warriors.
Let me get the Figma board for you guys.





Yeah, Figma. You guys like the Figma

Yeah, Figma. You guys like the Figma
more? Okay. Okay, let me get it for you.

more? Okay. Okay, let me get it for you.

more? Okay. Okay, let me get it for you.
Again, if you are watching the replay,

Again, if you are watching the replay,

Again, if you are watching the replay,
drop sheets down below and I'll send

drop sheets down below and I'll send

drop sheets down below and I'll send
that to you right away. If you guys

that to you right away. If you guys

that to you right away. If you guys
haven't, make sure you watch the first

haven't, make sure you watch the first

haven't, make sure you watch the first
live stream we did last week. That one

live stream we did last week. That one

live stream we did last week. That one
we talked about how to pick your winning

we talked about how to pick your winning

we talked about how to pick your winning
offer, and that's important like format

offer, and that's important like format

offer, and that's important like format
because format matters. So, is it a

because format matters. So, is it a

because format matters. So, is it a
course? Is it a master class? Is it a

course? Is it a master class? Is it a

course? Is it a master class? Is it a
template? Is it a challenge? like

template? Is it a challenge? like

template? Is it a challenge? like
there's so many ways you can take it.

there's so many ways you can take it.

there's so many ways you can take it.
So, make sure that you guys go watch

So, make sure that you guys go watch

So, make sure that you guys go watch
that too so you pick the right offer

that too so you pick the right offer

that too so you pick the right offer
that's going to convert well. Okay. Let

that's going to convert well. Okay. Let

that's going to convert well. Okay. Let
me know though if this Figma board

me know though if this Figma board

me know though if this Figma board
works.

works.

works.
If you guys can try that and just let me

If you guys can try that and just let me

If you guys can try that and just let me
know. I'm going to pin it as well.





Try that. Let me know if that works.

Try that. Let me know if that works.
I don't know if you guys can see it. All

I don't know if you guys can see it. All

I don't know if you guys can see it. All
right. I see some of you guys jumping

right. I see some of you guys jumping

right. I see some of you guys jumping
into it already.

into it already.

into it already.
The template is at the bottom, just so

The template is at the bottom, just so

The template is at the bottom, just so
you guys know.





Yeah, looks like a few guys are getting.

Yeah, looks like a few guys are getting.
You should be able to just save it,

You should be able to just save it,

You should be able to just save it,
screenshot it, and have that. And then

screenshot it, and have that. And then

screenshot it, and have that. And then
I'll send you guys this Figma board,

I'll send you guys this Figma board,

I'll send you guys this Figma board,
too, on the replay.

too, on the replay.

too, on the replay.
But appreciate you guys. Thanks for

But appreciate you guys. Thanks for

But appreciate you guys. Thanks for
jumping on and being here live. Again,

jumping on and being here live. Again,

jumping on and being here live. Again,
if you're interested in having my team

if you're interested in having my team

if you're interested in having my team
build everything out for you or

build everything out for you or

build everything out for you or
consulting or just getting all of our

consulting or just getting all of our

consulting or just getting all of our
internal processes, go ahead and go to

internal processes, go ahead and go to

internal processes, go ahead and go to
lowteoffers.com or clients4free.com

lowteoffers.com or clients4free.com

lowteoffers.com or clients4free.com
uhdone for you. It's all linked below,

uhdone for you. It's all linked below,

uhdone for you. It's all linked below,
especially in the replay. You guys can

especially in the replay. You guys can

especially in the replay. You guys can
go through there. Um, and yeah, I got to

go through there. Um, and yeah, I got to

go through there. Um, and yeah, I got to
jump. I got to go. We got a huge huge

jump. I got to go. We got a huge huge

jump. I got to go. We got a huge huge
client running a huge huge launch uh

client running a huge huge launch uh

client running a huge huge launch uh
with And so, I'm going to go

with And so, I'm going to go

with And so, I'm going to go
through jump on there and rip through

through jump on there and rip through

through jump on there and rip through
your stuff. probably stuff with the low

your stuff. probably stuff with the low

your stuff. probably stuff with the low
ticket as always. And then if you

ticket as always. And then if you

ticket as always. And then if you
haven't yet, make sure to go to WAP

haven't yet, make sure to go to WAP

haven't yet, make sure to go to WAP
University. Uh if you guys are wanting

University. Uh if you guys are wanting

University. Uh if you guys are wanting
to find the best payment processor as

to find the best payment processor as

to find the best payment processor as
well as win a plaque and get more

well as win a plaque and get more

well as win a plaque and get more
additional training, uh I am a part of

additional training, uh I am a part of

additional training, uh I am a part of
the team there. I run WAPU with

the team there. I run WAPU with

the team there. I run WAPU with
Tiana. So, it's a great place for you

Tiana. So, it's a great place for you

Tiana. So, it's a great place for you
guys who maybe are just starting out and

guys who maybe are just starting out and

guys who maybe are just starting out and
can't afford some of my higher level

can't afford some of my higher level

can't afford some of my higher level
consulting. Uh that is a little bit more

consulting. Uh that is a little bit more

consulting. Uh that is a little bit more
expensive. So, that is always an option.

expensive. So, that is always an option.

expensive. So, that is always an option.
And if you're an existing customer or

And if you're an existing customer or

And if you're an existing customer or
student in my stuff, you know, always

student in my stuff, you know, always

student in my stuff, you know, always
have your back. Always reach out to me.

have your back. Always reach out to me.

have your back. Always reach out to me.
I'm in your corner and uh down to help

I'm in your corner and uh down to help

I'm in your corner and uh down to help
you guys win. So, appreciate you all.

you guys win. So, appreciate you all.

you guys win. So, appreciate you all.
And I will see you guys

And I will see you guys

And I will see you guys
on the next one. Did the Figma work?

on the next one. Did the Figma work?

on the next one. Did the Figma work?
Yeah, someone said

Yeah, someone said

Yeah, someone said
someone messages saying it's not. I'll

someone messages saying it's not. I'll

someone messages saying it's not. I'll
make sure it's good for a go. You guys

make sure it's good for a go. You guys

make sure it's good for a go. You guys
got it. Drop a one if the Figma work for

got it. Drop a one if the Figma work for

got it. Drop a one if the Figma work for
you guys. Just let me know down below.





Uhhuh.

Uhhuh.
All right. Looks like it's working good.

All right. Looks like it's working good.

All right. Looks like it's working good.
Cool, guys. Appreciate you. I'll see you

Cool, guys. Appreciate you. I'll see you

Cool, guys. Appreciate you. I'll see you
next Tuesday, 11 a.m. CST every single

next Tuesday, 11 a.m. CST every single

next Tuesday, 11 a.m. CST every single
week here on his channel. Peace out.


╔══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╗
║  FONTE: How To Find Winning Digital Product Ideas (at your local bookstore) [nPfSA9RNXfA].en.txt
║  VÍDEO: How To Find Winning Digital Product Ideas (At Your Local Bookstore) [Npfsa9Rnxfa].En
║  ADICIONADO EM: 04/08/2026
╚══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╝

So, this is actually where I find my best offer ideas before I go to market with anything. And I know some people they'll think like, "Oh, I'm going to go to um I'm going to go to the ad library or some sort of, you know, ClickBank to see like what offers are running." But normally, I like to come to the bookstore and I love to head to like the health and wellness section. I like to go to like the self-help or maybe the business section and just read some of the covers on these books to get ideas. And I'm going to explain to you why. Now, the problem I see with most offers that I've launched that have flopped is the fact that these offers don't have good philosophy. There's not a good narrative behind the mechanism. And like you think about some books that have done super well where you know they have a really disruptive title and a very disruptive angle or something really stands out where you're like oh my gosh like this is super cool like this for example like the liver cure. What's the liver cure? Like that's so sick. Like that could be an offer. Books just are incredible at coming up with really good narratives and themes and like selling the outcomes because they have to catch your attention with just like a simple a simple uh simple title. So like the obesity code, why intermittent fasting is the key to controlling your weight, unlocking the secrets of weight loss. Like they're just giving me headlines over here that I can run with. And so I like to come here, see ideas, see how they're writing them. And then what happens is like if you were to launch an offer like there's nothing new under the sun and I'm not saying like completely ripping an offer but it's like imagine if you were able to um you know imagine if you were go into this and come up with like an offer like an angle kind of modeling what what's going well like the the herb Bible like okay like what if something else like Bible how can use that theme where it's like the Bible of plants or spices or things like that. Um, and just like just super disruptive. Like what the heck is a 36-hour day, a family guide to caring for people, okay, with Alzheimer's, things like that, bro. Like some of these books are just like very counterintuitive and really catch you off guard and like like, okay, what is this? And so I like to come here, pull those and use them because then when I go to launch my offer, like in my copy, like the mechanism, I can take that like the liver cure. I'm like, okay, let's just liver cure. What's their narrative? What are they teaching in the book? And sometimes I would go into like uh YouTube or chat and ask for summaries on those books so that I can understand them better and like the philosophy and then I would tie that into my offer because you can have like the best like claims and lose this much weight or do this and that. But if the philosophy, the mechanism backing up isn't solid or doesn't get results then it's worthless. Like it doesn't make sense to to even promote it. And so I'll try to find experts that believe in that who can like be the face of it or create it or at least like just give you an angle you could run with um because they've learned that from somewhere else and you don't obviously like rip it but you take it and you model it for for an offer that will work well. And so again I do believe like the offers that have launched where they have flopped, they don't have a good narrative. Like when you read that it doesn't make sense. It's like this doesn't really hit like this is really hitting home versus like like what the heck is this like toxic superfoods like that can be a whole angle where it's like the list of like like how oxalate overload is making you sick and how to get better like bro just giving me offers like you can make a whole offer around that entirely and I know it's like the health market but you can do this with like other books too like it doesn't just need to be um it doesn't just need to be in the health section. I just really like that one because it just hits home. Like I mean you could probably come to the sports section and see stuff too. Um, another good section too is like the cookbooks too. Like I definitely love like the cookbooks. Like they have interesting like styles of cookbooks and things you can do there. I see a lot of themes where it's like like I just saw this book here um the chicken bible. So we have the chicken bible and I remember uh one of my mentors Alan Sultanic talked about like a really good offer like the black book or the Bible. And so, for example, I bought and I'm working on a book called the uh low ticket bible. And so, like I'm making something like on the low ticket bible. And so, yeah, hope this like just gives you like another idea or things that you can do to come up with new ideas. Like literally just go into a bookstore, walk around, read the titles of books. They're literally come with hooks or come with headlines. Feed that into AI, use that, rip that, run as your own thing. Uh, and see what happens. So, that's it, guys. I'm going to stop wandering. already got enough headline ideas for my own health offer and I'm uh get back to it. So, best of luck.


╔══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╗
║  FONTE: How to Get $5,000 PIFs With Lowticket Webinars [lfaBFXwAS3E].en.txt
║  VÍDEO: How To Get $5,000 Pifs With Lowticket Webinars [Lfabfxwas3E].En
║  ADICIONADO EM: 04/08/2026
╚══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╝

WEBVTT
Kind: captions
Language: en
 
My name is Josh Gavin or Joshua Gavin,
My name is Josh Gavin or Joshua Gavin,
 
My name is Josh Gavin or Joshua Gavin,
whoever want to go with. And every
whoever want to go with. And every
 
whoever want to go with. And every
single Tuesday, I go live at 11 a.m. CST
single Tuesday, I go live at 11 a.m. CST
 
single Tuesday, I go live at 11 a.m. CST
to share master class and how we are
to share master class and how we are
 
to share master class and how we are
currently ascending clients into our
currently ascending clients into our
 
currently ascending clients into our
high ticket info brands. If you don't
high ticket info brands. If you don't
 
high ticket info brands. If you don't
know who I am, I'll share a little bit
know who I am, I'll share a little bit
 
know who I am, I'll share a little bit
more in a second. But in this master
more in a second. But in this master
 
more in a second. But in this master
class, I'm going to walk you guys
class, I'm going to walk you guys
 
class, I'm going to walk you guys
through how we're getting 100% pips with
through how we're getting 100% pips with
 
through how we're getting 100% pips with
a low ticket webinar. I'm gonna walk you
a low ticket webinar. I'm gonna walk you
 
a low ticket webinar. I'm gonna walk you
through the structure, how we get people
through the structure, how we get people
 
through the structure, how we get people
to the webinar, what we actually do on
to the webinar, what we actually do on
 
to the webinar, what we actually do on
the webinar, how we actually do this
the webinar, how we actually do this
 
the webinar, how we actually do this
without needing any slides, uh, and how
without needing any slides, uh, and how
 
without needing any slides, uh, and how
you can replicate this for your industry
you can replicate this for your industry
 
you can replicate this for your industry
and brand. So, got that out of the way
and brand. So, got that out of the way
 
and brand. So, got that out of the way
for everyone who's watching replay. You
for everyone who's watching replay. You
 
for everyone who's watching replay. You
know, you got to have the intro. Pretty
know, you got to have the intro. Pretty
 
know, you got to have the intro. Pretty
weak intro, but what's going on if
weak intro, but what's going on if
 
weak intro, but what's going on if
you're here live, good to see you. Glad
you're here live, good to see you. Glad
 
you're here live, good to see you. Glad
that you guys are on. Uh, if you are
that you guys are on. Uh, if you are
 
that you guys are on. Uh, if you are
checking on live, let me know what
checking on live, let me know what
 
checking on live, let me know what
market you guys are in, what you do. Are
market you guys are in, what you do. Are
 
market you guys are in, what you do. Are
you an operator or brand owner? Uh, what
you an operator or brand owner? Uh, what
 
you an operator or brand owner? Uh, what
what industry do you sell in? Would love
what industry do you sell in? Would love
 
what industry do you sell in? Would love
to say what's up. and we're gonna let
to say what's up. and we're gonna let
 
to say what's up. and we're gonna let
some more people jumping on here. I do
some more people jumping on here. I do
 
some more people jumping on here. I do
have a Figma board that I'm going to
have a Figma board that I'm going to
 
have a Figma board that I'm going to
share in just a second. I'll get my
share in just a second. I'll get my
 
share in just a second. I'll get my
screen up here. Uh, and we will get
screen up here. Uh, and we will get
 
screen up here. Uh, and we will get
going with that.
going with that.
 
going with that.
And obviously, I'll share anything I
And obviously, I'll share anything I
 
And obviously, I'll share anything I
share any notes at the end, too. So,
share any notes at the end, too. So,
 
share any notes at the end, too. So,
feel free to stay to grab that. But
feel free to stay to grab that. But
 
feel free to stay to grab that. But
yeah, guys, uh, again, if you're just
yeah, guys, uh, again, if you're just
 
yeah, guys, uh, again, if you're just
checking in, you're like, who am I?
checking in, you're like, who am I?
 
checking in, you're like, who am I?
Never been on all these lives. I do a
Never been on all these lives. I do a
 
Never been on all these lives. I do a
couple different things. Number one, low
couple different things. Number one, low
 
couple different things. Number one, low
ticket offers. I live, eat, sleep,
ticket offers. I live, eat, sleep,
 
ticket offers. I live, eat, sleep,
breathe, love low ticket offers. Now,
breathe, love low ticket offers. Now,
 
breathe, love low ticket offers. Now,
you might be thinking, Josh, you can't
you might be thinking, Josh, you can't
 
you might be thinking, Josh, you can't
make any money with low ticket. Well,
make any money with low ticket. Well,
 
make any money with low ticket. Well,
that's where most people get things
that's where most people get things
 
that's where most people get things
wrong because when it comes to low
wrong because when it comes to low
 
wrong because when it comes to low
ticket offers, I don't just sell low
ticket offers, I don't just sell low
 
ticket offers, I don't just sell low
ticket offers. Low ticket offers are
ticket offers. Low ticket offers are
 
ticket offers. Low ticket offers are
just a means to attract high ticket
just a means to attract high ticket
 
just a means to attract high ticket
clients on the back end. Money over
clients on the back end. Money over
 
clients on the back end. Money over
time, liquidation, that is the area I
time, liquidation, that is the area I
 
time, liquidation, that is the area I
live in. And so, I like to say that I'm
live in. And so, I like to say that I'm
 
live in. And so, I like to say that I'm
a, you know, a chief ascension officer.
a, you know, a chief ascension officer.
 
a, you know, a chief ascension officer.
That's really what I do. I'm a chief
That's really what I do. I'm a chief
 
That's really what I do. I'm a chief
ascension officer. There's people who
ascension officer. There's people who
 
ascension officer. There's people who
say that, you know, I'm a growth
say that, you know, I'm a growth
 
say that, you know, I'm a growth
operator. I'm a chief ascension officer.
operator. I'm a chief ascension officer.
 
operator. I'm a chief ascension officer.
I engineer ascension into brands and
I engineer ascension into brands and
 
I engineer ascension into brands and
companies. So, uh, when what does that
companies. So, uh, when what does that
 
companies. So, uh, when what does that
look like? How do I do that? Number one,
look like? How do I do that? Number one,
 
look like? How do I do that? Number one,
uh, there's actually offers that we own
uh, there's actually offers that we own
 
uh, there's actually offers that we own
and run with my own credit card, my own
and run with my own credit card, my own
 
and run with my own credit card, my own
ad accounts, uh, with my own money,
ad accounts, uh, with my own money,
 
ad accounts, uh, with my own money,
going out spending ads as we currently
going out spending ads as we currently
 
going out spending ads as we currently
speak, not for clients, right? Not for
speak, not for clients, right? Not for
 
speak, not for clients, right? Not for
clients with their money, with my money.
clients with their money, with my money.
 
clients with their money, with my money.
So, I'm risking and putting my balls on
So, I'm risking and putting my balls on
 
So, I'm risking and putting my balls on
the line for what we're doing, what I'm
the line for what we're doing, what I'm
 
the line for what we're doing, what I'm
teaching you guys. So, everything I'm
teaching you guys. So, everything I'm
 
teaching you guys. So, everything I'm
sharing with you here today is coming
sharing with you here today is coming
 
sharing with you here today is coming
from stuff that I'm actively doing right
from stuff that I'm actively doing right
 
from stuff that I'm actively doing right
now and what's working. That's very
now and what's working. That's very
 
now and what's working. That's very
important because a lot of times you're
important because a lot of times you're
 
important because a lot of times you're
learning from people who are just not
learning from people who are just not
 
learning from people who are just not
even out there in the trenches with you,
even out there in the trenches with you,
 
even out there in the trenches with you,
risking their money the same way you're
risking their money the same way you're
 
risking their money the same way you're
risking your money. And so they can just
risking your money. And so they can just
 
risking your money. And so they can just
say whatever the freak they want. You go
say whatever the freak they want. You go
 
say whatever the freak they want. You go
waste your money. It doesn't work and
waste your money. It doesn't work and
 
waste your money. It doesn't work and
they're not held responsible. But I'm
they're not held responsible. But I'm
 
they're not held responsible. But I'm
only sharing the things I know are
only sharing the things I know are
 
only sharing the things I know are
working right now. So we have our own
working right now. So we have our own
 
working right now. So we have our own
brands mainly in the health industry.
brands mainly in the health industry.
 
brands mainly in the health industry.
That's where I'm uh publishing these
That's where I'm uh publishing these
 
That's where I'm uh publishing these
offers. And then I also do a lot of
offers. And then I also do a lot of
 
offers. And then I also do a lot of
consulting. So there's brands doing over
consulting. So there's brands doing over
 
consulting. So there's brands doing over
a million a year, some a million a month
a million a year, some a million a month
 
a million a year, some a million a month
coming in and engineering Ascension into
coming in and engineering Ascension into
 
coming in and engineering Ascension into
their businesses. And then I also have a
their businesses. And then I also have a
 
their businesses. And then I also have a
small mentorshipification
small mentorshipification
 
small mentorshipification
program where I show people how to
program where I show people how to
 
program where I show people how to
become ascension officers and deploy
become ascension officers and deploy
 
become ascension officers and deploy
into companies that I bring them or
into companies that I bring them or
 
into companies that I bring them or
connect them with uh for themselves. So
connect them with uh for themselves. So
 
connect them with uh for themselves. So
that's what I do. That's how I I do all
that's what I do. That's how I I do all
 
that's what I do. That's how I I do all
this. And so what I'm sharing with you
this. And so what I'm sharing with you
 
this. And so what I'm sharing with you
guys today is coming from one of the
guys today is coming from one of the
 
guys today is coming from one of the
offers that we publish and run and have
offers that we publish and run and have
 
offers that we publish and run and have
our money attached to and webinar I'm
our money attached to and webinar I'm
 
our money attached to and webinar I'm
actually hosting uh myself. We actually
actually hosting uh myself. We actually
 
actually hosting uh myself. We actually
have one tonight. And so I'm going to
have one tonight. And so I'm going to
 
have one tonight. And so I'm going to
walk you guys through how we're doing
walk you guys through how we're doing
 
walk you guys through how we're doing
this with low ticket webinars. So I like
this with low ticket webinars. So I like
 
this with low ticket webinars. So I like
to call it's a low ticket webinar
to call it's a low ticket webinar
 
to call it's a low ticket webinar
funnel. I'm going to walk you through
funnel. I'm going to walk you through
 
funnel. I'm going to walk you through
the flow. I'll share my screen. I'll
the flow. I'll share my screen. I'll
 
the flow. I'll share my screen. I'll
show you exactly how it's set up and
show you exactly how it's set up and
 
show you exactly how it's set up and
then we'll do some Q&amp;A at the end. Does
then we'll do some Q&amp;A at the end. Does
 
then we'll do some Q&amp;A at the end. Does
that sound good for everyone watching
that sound good for everyone watching
 
that sound good for everyone watching
here live? Uh that's kind of the plan
here live? Uh that's kind of the plan
 
here live? Uh that's kind of the plan
for today. So we'll let some more people
for today. So we'll let some more people
 
for today. So we'll let some more people
jump in here uh and get on here live.
jump in here uh and get on here live.
 
jump in here uh and get on here live.
We'll get started in a second. If you
We'll get started in a second. If you
 
We'll get started in a second. If you
are tuning in live again, let me know
are tuning in live again, let me know
 
are tuning in live again, let me know
what market you're in so I can just
what market you're in so I can just
 
what market you're in so I can just
relate this to you and the industry
relate this to you and the industry
 
relate this to you and the industry
you're in. Uh that way it just relates
you're in. Uh that way it just relates
 
you're in. Uh that way it just relates
to actually what you're selling. Love
to actually what you're selling. Love
 
to actually what you're selling. Love
just have a better idea. Let me do
just have a better idea. Let me do
 
just have a better idea. Let me do
something quick.
something quick.
 
something quick.
How do I change this so it's public?
 
 
 
Change. Add live video.
Change. Add live video.
 
Change. Add live video.
Want to make sure this is public for
Want to make sure this is public for
 
Want to make sure this is public for
everybody to see it on Facebook.
everybody to see it on Facebook.
 
everybody to see it on Facebook.
If you're on YouTube, what's good?
If you're on YouTube, what's good?
 
If you're on YouTube, what's good?
What's good?
 
 
 
Let's go.
 
 
 
All right, let's get out of the way.
All right, let's get out of the way.
 
All right, let's get out of the way.
Cool. What's up? Uh, we got Joe, I
Cool. What's up? Uh, we got Joe, I
 
Cool. What's up? Uh, we got Joe, I
think, or JMA. We got Lucas. Good to see
think, or JMA. We got Lucas. Good to see
 
think, or JMA. We got Lucas. Good to see
you, man. Lucas been on every single
you, man. Lucas been on every single
 
you, man. Lucas been on every single
week. Love to see that. That's what's
week. Love to see that. That's what's
 
week. Love to see that. That's what's
up. Appreciate you being here, dude.
up. Appreciate you being here, dude.
 
up. Appreciate you being here, dude.
Thanks for being on our live. Again,
Thanks for being on our live. Again,
 
Thanks for being on our live. Again,
we're get started in just a second. I
we're get started in just a second. I
 
we're get started in just a second. I
want to get some people more time to
want to get some people more time to
 
want to get some people more time to
jump on here live and then we'll get
jump on here live and then we'll get
 
jump on here live and then we'll get
started. Let me pull up my Figma board
started. Let me pull up my Figma board
 
started. Let me pull up my Figma board
just so I have that ready to go.
just so I have that ready to go.
 
just so I have that ready to go.
Where is this? Here we go.
 
 
 
Let's zoom this sucker in here.
 
 
 
Share screen.
Share screen.
 
Share screen.
All right. Can you guys see my screen?
All right. Can you guys see my screen?
 
All right. Can you guys see my screen?
Okay.
Okay.
 
Okay.
You guys see this?
 
 
 
Yeah. Okay. Cool. Cool. Cool. Cool.
Yeah. Okay. Cool. Cool. Cool. Cool.
 
Yeah. Okay. Cool. Cool. Cool. Cool.
Cool.
 
 
 
Let's get this cooking.
Let's get this cooking.
 
Let's get this cooking.
All right. As you can see, we got some
All right. As you can see, we got some
 
All right. As you can see, we got some
notes from other some of the other live
notes from other some of the other live
 
notes from other some of the other live
streams we've done. If you guys want to
streams we've done. If you guys want to
 
streams we've done. If you guys want to
make sure to go back and watch the other
make sure to go back and watch the other
 
make sure to go back and watch the other
ones. But today in this video, what I
ones. But today in this video, what I
 
ones. But today in this video, what I
want to walk you guys through is how
want to walk you guys through is how
 
want to walk you guys through is how
we're currently getting $5,000 painfuls
we're currently getting $5,000 painfuls
 
we're currently getting $5,000 painfuls
for a health offer that I publish and
for a health offer that I publish and
 
for a health offer that I publish and
run using a low ticket webinar. Now, we
run using a low ticket webinar. Now, we
 
run using a low ticket webinar. Now, we
looked and we saw that well this month
looked and we saw that well this month
 
looked and we saw that well this month
in like the last two months, we've only
in like the last two months, we've only
 
in like the last two months, we've only
been getting painfuls. We haven't got
been getting painfuls. We haven't got
 
been getting painfuls. We haven't got
any payment plans. And a lot of that has
any payment plans. And a lot of that has
 
any payment plans. And a lot of that has
to do with one, yes, we do need to
to do with one, yes, we do need to
 
to do with one, yes, we do need to
increase our price from 5,000 like 78.
increase our price from 5,000 like 78.
 
increase our price from 5,000 like 78.
Like with two months now, we're
Like with two months now, we're
 
Like with two months now, we're
absolutely crushing it. getting
absolutely crushing it. getting
 
absolutely crushing it. getting
painfuls. It is a telltale sign that we
painfuls. It is a telltale sign that we
 
painfuls. It is a telltale sign that we
need to increase our price 100%. Another
need to increase our price 100%. Another
 
need to increase our price 100%. Another
thing to give credit for why this works
thing to give credit for why this works
 
thing to give credit for why this works
well is the fact that we have an amazing
well is the fact that we have an amazing
 
well is the fact that we have an amazing
sales team that is on the back end of
sales team that is on the back end of
 
sales team that is on the back end of
this offer. I work with selling to
this offer. I work with selling to
 
this offer. I work with selling to
closing. They are my done for you agency
closing. They are my done for you agency
 
closing. They are my done for you agency
of choice for all of my offers. Zach
of choice for all of my offers. Zach
 
of choice for all of my offers. Zach
Rosson's my boy. Uh and he's just an
Rosson's my boy. Uh and he's just an
 
Rosson's my boy. Uh and he's just an
absolute dog. And so they obviously
absolute dog. And so they obviously
 
absolute dog. And so they obviously
train our reps to not go for payment
train our reps to not go for payment
 
train our reps to not go for payment
plans or default to that. We do not let
plans or default to that. We do not let
 
plans or default to that. We do not let
that happen. So part of it is we do have
that happen. So part of it is we do have
 
that happen. So part of it is we do have
just a dialed sales team that's
just a dialed sales team that's
 
just a dialed sales team that's
absolutely crushing. Now the other way
absolutely crushing. Now the other way
 
absolutely crushing. Now the other way
that we're doing this is by implementing
that we're doing this is by implementing
 
that we're doing this is by implementing
weekly webinars with the the face of the
weekly webinars with the the face of the
 
weekly webinars with the the face of the
offer. Uh and myself I kind of do a
offer. Uh and myself I kind of do a
 
offer. Uh and myself I kind of do a
model like a Iman Godzi Jason Sladlin
model like a Iman Godzi Jason Sladlin
 
model like a Iman Godzi Jason Sladlin
model where you know Iman's the face and
model where you know Iman's the face and
 
model where you know Iman's the face and
the expert but Jason is doing most of
the expert but Jason is doing most of
 
the expert but Jason is doing most of
the closing. I also do this right now uh
the closing. I also do this right now uh
 
the closing. I also do this right now uh
for our brand since I'm very good at
for our brand since I'm very good at
 
for our brand since I'm very good at
presenting. That's one of my skill sets
presenting. That's one of my skill sets
 
presenting. That's one of my skill sets
and what I enjoy. I also go in and I do
and what I enjoy. I also go in and I do
 
and what I enjoy. I also go in and I do
a lot of presenting for the offers that
a lot of presenting for the offers that
 
a lot of presenting for the offers that
we run. So there's a couple reasons why
we run. So there's a couple reasons why
 
we run. So there's a couple reasons why
that works and I'm going to share with
that works and I'm going to share with
 
that works and I'm going to share with
that share you guys how we structure it.
that share you guys how we structure it.
 
that share you guys how we structure it.
But that's really what a like all goes
But that's really what a like all goes
 
But that's really what a like all goes
into getting painfuls like that left and
into getting painfuls like that left and
 
into getting painfuls like that left and
right right we know increase our price
right right we know increase our price
 
right right we know increase our price
we have dialed sales team but we're
we have dialed sales team but we're
 
we have dialed sales team but we're
doing these webinars and we notice that
doing these webinars and we notice that
 
doing these webinars and we notice that
all the painfuls that are coming in have
all the painfuls that are coming in have
 
all the painfuls that are coming in have
all been on one of these weekly
all been on one of these weekly
 
all been on one of these weekly
webinars. And so inside of our model and
webinars. And so inside of our model and
 
webinars. And so inside of our model and
our business, we've now put a priority
our business, we've now put a priority
 
our business, we've now put a priority
on getting as many people to this Zoom
on getting as many people to this Zoom
 
on getting as many people to this Zoom
call uh and this webinar as possible.
call uh and this webinar as possible.
 
call uh and this webinar as possible.
Now, if you haven't watched the
Now, if you haven't watched the
 
Now, if you haven't watched the
episodes, go back and watch it. Uh we've
episodes, go back and watch it. Uh we've
 
episodes, go back and watch it. Uh we've
done a few. Now, we talked about the
done a few. Now, we talked about the
 
done a few. Now, we talked about the
five low ticket winning offer formats
five low ticket winning offer formats
 
five low ticket winning offer formats
that we're currently running right now
that we're currently running right now
 
that we're currently running right now
for across the board and help you figure
for across the board and help you figure
 
for across the board and help you figure
out which which offer makes sense for
out which which offer makes sense for
 
out which which offer makes sense for
your market. So, that's a very important
your market. So, that's a very important
 
your market. So, that's a very important
one to watch. I talk about the funnel
one to watch. I talk about the funnel
 
one to watch. I talk about the funnel
structure. the another episode we did
structure. the another episode we did
 
structure. the another episode we did
two or three weeks ago, I talk about the
two or three weeks ago, I talk about the
 
two or three weeks ago, I talk about the
funnel structure and the funnel flow
funnel structure and the funnel flow
 
funnel structure and the funnel flow
that we use to turn uh you know the book
that we use to turn uh you know the book
 
that we use to turn uh you know the book
$47 net cost per book call. And then on
$47 net cost per book call. And then on
 
$47 net cost per book call. And then on
top of that uh we did another episode
top of that uh we did another episode
 
top of that uh we did another episode
where I talk about some of the secrets
where I talk about some of the secrets
 
where I talk about some of the secrets
of ascension which is these notes up
of ascension which is these notes up
 
of ascension which is these notes up
here where I talked about how we're
here where I talked about how we're
 
here where I talked about how we're
turning uh $17 offer and $18,000 clients
turning uh $17 offer and $18,000 clients
 
turning uh $17 offer and $18,000 clients
which you can see right there. So, a lot
which you can see right there. So, a lot
 
which you can see right there. So, a lot
of amazing episodes that we've already
of amazing episodes that we've already
 
of amazing episodes that we've already
gone over inside this doc, but now I
gone over inside this doc, but now I
 
gone over inside this doc, but now I
want to focus on this little column
want to focus on this little column
 
want to focus on this little column
right here, which is this Zoom call.
right here, which is this Zoom call.
 
right here, which is this Zoom call.
Now, let's talk about how people are
Now, let's talk about how people are
 
Now, let's talk about how people are
getting in the door to this funnel. So,
getting in the door to this funnel. So,
 
getting in the door to this funnel. So,
I'm not running the webinar on the front
I'm not running the webinar on the front
 
I'm not running the webinar on the front
end. I'm actually running it on the back
end. I'm actually running it on the back
 
end. I'm actually running it on the back
end of our low ticket offer. So, our
end of our low ticket offer. So, our
 
end of our low ticket offer. So, our
standard flow again, which you'll see in
standard flow again, which you'll see in
 
standard flow again, which you'll see in
the other episode, I go a lot deeper
the other episode, I go a lot deeper
 
the other episode, I go a lot deeper
into this is I will go sales page, order
into this is I will go sales page, order
 
into this is I will go sales page, order
form, and then I go right to book a
form, and then I go right to book a
 
form, and then I go right to book a
call. We talk about why we do this to
call. We talk about why we do this to
 
call. We talk about why we do this to
remove friction, why we don't have
remove friction, why we don't have
 
remove friction, why we don't have
upsells to start, and how we're still
upsells to start, and how we're still
 
upsells to start, and how we're still
liquidating and getting a net CPA. Right
liquidating and getting a net CPA. Right
 
liquidating and getting a net CPA. Right
now, I think we're around a $14 net CPA
now, I think we're around a $14 net CPA
 
now, I think we're around a $14 net CPA
for a buyer um using this type of
for a buyer um using this type of
 
for a buyer um using this type of
structure. Now, once they come in,
structure. Now, once they come in,
 
structure. Now, once they come in,
there's a couple different ways we try
there's a couple different ways we try
 
there's a couple different ways we try
to get them on this phone team, right?
to get them on this phone team, right?
 
to get them on this phone team, right?
We do emails, we have setters, we have
We do emails, we have setters, we have
 
We do emails, we have setters, we have
stuff in our members area, but this one
stuff in our members area, but this one
 
stuff in our members area, but this one
right here is probably the most
right here is probably the most
 
right here is probably the most
effective way to get people on the phone
effective way to get people on the phone
 
effective way to get people on the phone
because right now 50% of people who join
because right now 50% of people who join
 
because right now 50% of people who join
us weekly webinar book a call with our
us weekly webinar book a call with our
 
us weekly webinar book a call with our
team, book a call with our closers. So,
team, book a call with our closers. So,
 
team, book a call with our closers. So,
seeing that, I told our team, hey, we
seeing that, I told our team, hey, we
 
seeing that, I told our team, hey, we
need to get as many people to this
need to get as many people to this
 
need to get as many people to this
webinar as possible. Now, how are we
webinar as possible. Now, how are we
 
webinar as possible. Now, how are we
getting them to it? on the thank you
getting them to it? on the thank you
 
getting them to it? on the thank you
page. We're telling them to put this on
page. We're telling them to put this on
 
page. We're telling them to put this on
their calendar and add it to their
their calendar and add it to their
 
their calendar and add it to their
calendar. Every single Sunday to so we
calendar. Every single Sunday to so we
 
calendar. Every single Sunday to so we
do the webinars on Tuesday. So Sunday
do the webinars on Tuesday. So Sunday
 
do the webinars on Tuesday. So Sunday
and Monday and Tuesday we promote it to
and Monday and Tuesday we promote it to
 
and Monday and Tuesday we promote it to
all of our buyers, right? So we're
all of our buyers, right? So we're
 
all of our buyers, right? So we're
segmenting the people who have purchased
segmenting the people who have purchased
 
segmenting the people who have purchased
this low ticket offer. We hit all the
this low ticket offer. We hit all the
 
this low ticket offer. We hit all the
buyers who haven't attended and we say,
buyers who haven't attended and we say,
 
buyers who haven't attended and we say,
"Hey, make sure to join this call." I'll
"Hey, make sure to join this call." I'll
 
"Hey, make sure to join this call." I'll
talk about how we frame it, etc. But
talk about how we frame it, etc. But
 
talk about how we frame it, etc. But
we're pushing them there. So we have
we're pushing them there. So we have
 
we're pushing them there. So we have
confirmation page, we have emails, we
confirmation page, we have emails, we
 
confirmation page, we have emails, we
have uh our setters are now telling
have uh our setters are now telling
 
have uh our setters are now telling
them, hey go to this, go to the stream
them, hey go to this, go to the stream
 
them, hey go to this, go to the stream
like if you haven't yet if they can't
like if you haven't yet if they can't
 
like if you haven't yet if they can't
book in the person right away then what
book in the person right away then what
 
book in the person right away then what
we'll do is we say hey go get on this
we'll do is we say hey go get on this
 
we'll do is we say hey go get on this
call with the creator of this product
call with the creator of this product
 
call with the creator of this product
ask them questions and then see if
ask them questions and then see if
 
ask them questions and then see if
you're interested. So we're getting the
you're interested. So we're getting the
 
you're interested. So we're getting the
setters to push people to this call. In
setters to push people to this call. In
 
setters to push people to this call. In
the members area, we have a calendar
the members area, we have a calendar
 
the members area, we have a calendar
inside of the members area where it's
inside of the members area where it's
 
inside of the members area where it's
all every single week letting people
all every single week letting people
 
all every single week letting people
know, hey, come on on, like, come on to
know, hey, come on on, like, come on to
 
know, hey, come on on, like, come on to
the freaking webinar, come on to this
the freaking webinar, come on to this
 
the freaking webinar, come on to this
call, and we're always pushing it there.
call, and we're always pushing it there.
 
call, and we're always pushing it there.
So, we're doing it front to back. We're
So, we're doing it front to back. We're
 
So, we're doing it front to back. We're
getting people on top of that. My team
getting people on top of that. My team
 
getting people on top of that. My team
just told me that we're launching
just told me that we're launching
 
just told me that we're launching
retargeting ads. So, we're retargeters
retargeting ads. So, we're retargeters
 
retargeting ads. So, we're retargeters
to push them to register for this
to push them to register for this
 
to push them to register for this
webinar. So every no matter what like
webinar. So every no matter what like
 
webinar. So every no matter what like
once they come in yes we're trying to
once they come in yes we're trying to
 
once they come in yes we're trying to
get 20% of people to book a call right
get 20% of people to book a call right
 
get 20% of people to book a call right
here but the other 80% we're pushing
here but the other 80% we're pushing
 
here but the other 80% we're pushing
them to get on this Zoom call. Does that
them to get on this Zoom call. Does that
 
them to get on this Zoom call. Does that
make sense? Are you guys following in
make sense? Are you guys following in
 
make sense? Are you guys following in
the chat? You guys keeping up with all
the chat? You guys keeping up with all
 
the chat? You guys keeping up with all
of this.
 
 
 
Drop a yes, a one, a two, a three. I
Drop a yes, a one, a two, a three. I
 
Drop a yes, a one, a two, a three. I
don't give a crap. So I'll make sure you
don't give a crap. So I'll make sure you
 
don't give a crap. So I'll make sure you
guys are keeping up that. So that's how
guys are keeping up that. So that's how
 
guys are keeping up that. So that's how
we're doing it right now. We're getting
we're doing it right now. We're getting
 
we're doing it right now. We're getting
people in. We run our low ticket offer
people in. We run our low ticket offer
 
people in. We run our low ticket offer
just the same before. Front end order
just the same before. Front end order
 
just the same before. Front end order
bumps book a call. 20% of the people
bumps book a call. 20% of the people
 
bumps book a call. 20% of the people
book a call right here. So like right
book a call right here. So like right
 
book a call right here. So like right
here we have like about a 20% take rate.
here we have like about a 20% take rate.
 
here we have like about a 20% take rate.
I don't know how people write with these
I don't know how people write with these
 
I don't know how people write with these
freaking
freaking
 
freaking
things like this. So 20% booking rate.
things like this. So 20% booking rate.
 
things like this. So 20% booking rate.
The other 80% we're pushing to this Zoom
The other 80% we're pushing to this Zoom
 
The other 80% we're pushing to this Zoom
call right here. This is where we want
call right here. This is where we want
 
call right here. This is where we want
people to go. So the other 80% we want
people to go. So the other 80% we want
 
people to go. So the other 80% we want
as many people on this webinar as
as many people on this webinar as
 
as many people on this webinar as
possible. All right. That's our goal.
possible. All right. That's our goal.
 
possible. All right. That's our goal.
Again, how are we getting them?
Again, how are we getting them?
 
Again, how are we getting them?
confirmation page, emails, the setters,
confirmation page, emails, the setters,
 
confirmation page, emails, the setters,
the membership area, text messages in
the membership area, text messages in
 
the membership area, text messages in
the product, retargeting ads. We're just
the product, retargeting ads. We're just
 
the product, retargeting ads. We're just
trying to get as many people on to this
trying to get as many people on to this
 
trying to get as many people on to this
call. Now, you might be wondering what
call. Now, you might be wondering what
 
call. Now, you might be wondering what
what is what do we call this call? How
what is what do we call this call? How
 
what is what do we call this call? How
what's the framing of this call? Now,
what's the framing of this call? Now,
 
what's the framing of this call? Now,
some people may say it's onboarding. You
some people may say it's onboarding. You
 
some people may say it's onboarding. You
could call it implementation, whatever.
could call it implementation, whatever.
 
could call it implementation, whatever.
What I like to call it, what we like to
What I like to call it, what we like to
 
What I like to call it, what we like to
do is just a fasttrack, right? We call
do is just a fasttrack, right? We call
 
do is just a fasttrack, right? We call
this a fasttrack call. See if I can just
this a fasttrack call. See if I can just
 
this a fasttrack call. See if I can just
I'm just going to go like this.
I'm just going to go like this.
 
I'm just going to go like this.
fasttrack
fasttrack
 
fasttrack
call.
call.
 
call.
So, pretty much what we're saying is
So, pretty much what we're saying is
 
So, pretty much what we're saying is
like, hey, if you want to fast track
like, hey, if you want to fast track
 
like, hey, if you want to fast track
your results that you just purchased and
your results that you just purchased and
 
your results that you just purchased and
wanted on the front end, you guys need
wanted on the front end, you guys need
 
wanted on the front end, you guys need
to join this call with the creator, with
to join this call with the creator, with
 
to join this call with the creator, with
the owner and join the fasttrack call.
the owner and join the fasttrack call.
 
the owner and join the fasttrack call.
That's what we're framing it now. All
That's what we're framing it now. All
 
That's what we're framing it now. All
we're saying is just like speed up the
we're saying is just like speed up the
 
we're saying is just like speed up the
results. We don't say how we're going to
results. We don't say how we're going to
 
results. We don't say how we're going to
do it, what that looks like. We're
do it, what that looks like. We're
 
do it, what that looks like. We're
saying get on this call, ask questions,
saying get on this call, ask questions,
 
saying get on this call, ask questions,
do this and that, and we're going to do
do this and that, and we're going to do
 
do this and that, and we're going to do
a fasttrack call. That is the purpose of
a fasttrack call. That is the purpose of
 
a fasttrack call. That is the purpose of
the framing of it. So, everything's
the framing of it. So, everything's
 
the framing of it. So, everything's
fasttrack, fasttrack. you and call it,
fasttrack, fasttrack. you and call it,
 
fasttrack, fasttrack. you and call it,
you know, the launch call, rapid launch.
you know, the launch call, rapid launch.
 
you know, the launch call, rapid launch.
The the really the key word here that
The the really the key word here that
 
The the really the key word here that
really makes this people sign up for
really makes this people sign up for
 
really makes this people sign up for
this
this
 
this
is the word fast speed. That's really
is the word fast speed. That's really
 
is the word fast speed. That's really
the selling point.
the selling point.
 
the selling point.
Now, right now, what we have is we have
Now, right now, what we have is we have
 
Now, right now, what we have is we have
uh like our opt-in page. I don't know
uh like our opt-in page. I don't know
 
uh like our opt-in page. I don't know
how about half of our buyers, front end
how about half of our buyers, front end
 
how about half of our buyers, front end
buyers get on this call. So, like half
buyers get on this call. So, like half
 
buyers get on this call. So, like half
of them who come in in the week before
of them who come in in the week before
 
of them who come in in the week before
register for it. We have a 75% show
register for it. We have a 75% show
 
register for it. We have a 75% show
rate. So, we have a 75% show rate. And
rate. So, we have a 75% show rate. And
 
rate. So, we have a 75% show rate. And
remember, since on the front end, our
remember, since on the front end, our
 
remember, since on the front end, our
net CPA for this offer is less than $10.
net CPA for this offer is less than $10.
 
net CPA for this offer is less than $10.
We're at $7.75 to get a $17 buyer in the
We're at $7.75 to get a $17 buyer in the
 
We're at $7.75 to get a $17 buyer in the
door. That means technically my cost per
door. That means technically my cost per
 
door. That means technically my cost per
lead would be $7.75 for this webinar
lead would be $7.75 for this webinar
 
lead would be $7.75 for this webinar
because I'm not running it on the front
because I'm not running it on the front
 
because I'm not running it on the front
end. So most people if you're watching
end. So most people if you're watching
 
end. So most people if you're watching
this and for the masterminds I'm in
this and for the masterminds I'm in
 
this and for the masterminds I'm in
people are spending anywhere from $10 to
people are spending anywhere from $10 to
 
people are spending anywhere from $10 to
$20 to get someone to just enter their
$20 to get someone to just enter their
 
$20 to get someone to just enter their
email address. I am and we are paying
email address. I am and we are paying
 
email address. I am and we are paying
$7.75
$7.75
 
$7.75
to get somebody to give it their credit
to get somebody to give it their credit
 
to get somebody to give it their credit
card and to purchase the product.
card and to purchase the product.
 
card and to purchase the product.
That's insane. So I'm getting a lower
That's insane. So I'm getting a lower
 
That's insane. So I'm getting a lower
cost per lead for a webinar. I'm getting
cost per lead for a webinar. I'm getting
 
cost per lead for a webinar. I'm getting
a higher show rate. Most times with a
a higher show rate. Most times with a
 
a higher show rate. Most times with a
webinar you get around like a 30% show
webinar you get around like a 30% show
 
webinar you get around like a 30% show
rate if you're dialed. Some people
rate if you're dialed. Some people
 
rate if you're dialed. Some people
operate with even a lower show rate and
operate with even a lower show rate and
 
operate with even a lower show rate and
we are getting a 75% show rate and then
we are getting a 75% show rate and then
 
we are getting a 75% show rate and then
50% of people book a call.
50% of people book a call.
 
50% of people book a call.
Right? So we have 75
 
 
 
show
 
 
 
and we have 50%.
 
 
 
Book a call. And this is just with our
Book a call. And this is just with our
 
Book a call. And this is just with our
closer one-step uh sales process.
closer one-step uh sales process.
 
closer one-step uh sales process.
We just give people book call right
We just give people book call right
 
We just give people book call right
there. So that's really what's happening
there. So that's really what's happening
 
there. So that's really what's happening
here. That's how we're scooping up
here. That's how we're scooping up
 
here. That's how we're scooping up
people. And again, remember, low cost
people. And again, remember, low cost
 
people. And again, remember, low cost
per lead, high show rate, higher intent.
per lead, high show rate, higher intent.
 
per lead, high show rate, higher intent.
Everybody who's on this webinar has
Everybody who's on this webinar has
 
Everybody who's on this webinar has
already given us money. What do you
already given us money. What do you
 
already given us money. What do you
think that does to that audience? Like
think that does to that audience? Like
 
think that does to that audience? Like
what how much better of an audience is
what how much better of an audience is
 
what how much better of an audience is
it if it's someone who's already giving
it if it's someone who's already giving
 
it if it's someone who's already giving
you money versus somebody who has not?
you money versus somebody who has not?
 
you money versus somebody who has not?
How much selling do you even think you
How much selling do you even think you
 
How much selling do you even think you
have to do if they've already sold on
have to do if they've already sold on
 
have to do if they've already sold on
your process and you're just helping
your process and you're just helping
 
your process and you're just helping
speed things up, right? Relatively
speed things up, right? Relatively
 
speed things up, right? Relatively
nothing. You don't have to do much
nothing. You don't have to do much
 
nothing. You don't have to do much
selling. And so on this call, the way we
selling. And so on this call, the way we
 
selling. And so on this call, the way we
set up this call is very, very simple.
set up this call is very, very simple.
 
set up this call is very, very simple.
Okay? when we do this webinar and how
Okay? when we do this webinar and how
 
Okay? when we do this webinar and how
it's set up. There's only there's only a
it's set up. There's only there's only a
 
it's set up. There's only there's only a
few things that I really need to do on
few things that I really need to do on
 
few things that I really need to do on
this and we don't even have like too
this and we don't even have like too
 
this and we don't even have like too
many pre-built slides. So,
many pre-built slides. So,
 
many pre-built slides. So,
here's the structure of the call. So, do
here's the structure of the call. So, do
 
here's the structure of the call. So, do
introduction,
introduction,
 
introduction,
introduce ourselves, what the purpose of
introduce ourselves, what the purpose of
 
introduce ourselves, what the purpose of
the call is, we do questions, we do a
the call is, we do questions, we do a
 
the call is, we do questions, we do a
engagement.
engagement.
 
engagement.
So, we get people to engage
 
 
 
Uh, we do onboarding. So, we get them
Uh, we do onboarding. So, we get them
 
Uh, we do onboarding. So, we get them
into the product. I open a loop,
into the product. I open a loop,
 
into the product. I open a loop,
we do training,
 
 
 
CTA,
CTA,
 
CTA,
and then we do
and then we do
 
and then we do
Q&amp;A.
Q&amp;A.
 
Q&amp;A.
This is the structure.
 
 
 
All right. So, we introduce ourselves.
All right. So, we introduce ourselves.
 
All right. So, we introduce ourselves.
Blah blah. Hey, here's what we done.
Blah blah. Hey, here's what we done.
 
Blah blah. Hey, here's what we done.
Welcome to this call. Here's what we're
Welcome to this call. Here's what we're
 
Welcome to this call. Here's what we're
doing here. Here's the agenda for today.
doing here. Here's the agenda for today.
 
doing here. Here's the agenda for today.
We do engagements. We ask everyone to
We do engagements. We ask everyone to
 
We do engagements. We ask everyone to
participate. Unmute themselves. This is
participate. Unmute themselves. This is
 
participate. Unmute themselves. This is
very important. We get people to
very important. We get people to
 
very important. We get people to
participate in it. We say, "Hey, answer
participate in it. We say, "Hey, answer
 
participate in it. We say, "Hey, answer
this question. Unmute yourself. Get
this question. Unmute yourself. Get
 
this question. Unmute yourself. Get
engaged." We get them bought in so
engaged." We get them bought in so
 
engaged." We get them bought in so
they're not just lurking. We make
they're not just lurking. We make
 
they're not just lurking. We make
everyone engage in the chat or unmuting
everyone engage in the chat or unmuting
 
everyone engage in the chat or unmuting
themselves. Then we do onboarding. So,
themselves. Then we do onboarding. So,
 
themselves. Then we do onboarding. So,
I'll walk them through how to get access
I'll walk them through how to get access
 
I'll walk them through how to get access
to Loia products. Make sure they're
to Loia products. Make sure they're
 
to Loia products. Make sure they're
inside. make sure it's a good they get
inside. make sure it's a good they get
 
inside. make sure it's a good they get
everything set up and it's good to go.
everything set up and it's good to go.
 
everything set up and it's good to go.
Then I have an open loop. So I let them
Then I have an open loop. So I let them
 
Then I have an open loop. So I let them
know like, hey, at the end of this we
know like, hey, at the end of this we
 
know like, hey, at the end of this we
have a gift for you or there's an
have a gift for you or there's an
 
have a gift for you or there's an
important next step that will help speed
important next step that will help speed
 
important next step that will help speed
things up. That's at the very end. So
things up. That's at the very end. So
 
things up. That's at the very end. So
stay for that. So it's just an open loop
stay for that. So it's just an open loop
 
stay for that. So it's just an open loop
to the call to action. Uh I let them
to the call to action. Uh I let them
 
to the call to action. Uh I let them
know, hey, we're not selling anything
know, hey, we're not selling anything
 
know, hey, we're not selling anything
here, but we are going to ask you to
here, but we are going to ask you to
 
here, but we are going to ask you to
schedule a call so we can help you more.
schedule a call so we can help you more.
 
schedule a call so we can help you more.
So I make that very clear. Then we do a
So I make that very clear. Then we do a
 
So I make that very clear. Then we do a
training. So I have my dude do his
training. So I have my dude do his
 
training. So I have my dude do his
teaching. I So I run all this right
teaching. I So I run all this right
 
teaching. I So I run all this right
here, right? That's all me. So like
here, right? That's all me. So like
 
here, right? That's all me. So like
everything in the green is me when I run
everything in the green is me when I run
 
everything in the green is me when I run
this because I do a like with I'm do an
this because I do a like with I'm do an
 
this because I do a like with I'm do an
ascension officer. So I go into brands,
ascension officer. So I go into brands,
 
ascension officer. So I go into brands,
I own the ascension offers, we build and
I own the ascension offers, we build and
 
I own the ascension offers, we build and
we take a cut of all the deals in the
we take a cut of all the deals in the
 
we take a cut of all the deals in the
back end. So I will do some of the
back end. So I will do some of the
 
back end. So I will do some of the
presenting. And so this right here is
presenting. And so this right here is
 
presenting. And so this right here is
me. All right.
me. All right.
 
me. All right.
This here is the expert who is like the
This here is the expert who is like the
 
This here is the expert who is like the
actual face of the brand. And then I
actual face of the brand. And then I
 
actual face of the brand. And then I
obviously do the CTA.
 
 
 
And this is this is the structure.
And this is this is the structure.
 
And this is this is the structure.
That's it. That's all we do. Now, after
That's it. That's all we do. Now, after
 
That's it. That's all we do. Now, after
the webinar, we just started tying in uh
the webinar, we just started tying in uh
 
the webinar, we just started tying in uh
some like follow-ups to the CTA. So, we
some like follow-ups to the CTA. So, we
 
some like follow-ups to the CTA. So, we
started adding in some like email flows
started adding in some like email flows
 
started adding in some like email flows
where we send people a link. But right
where we send people a link. But right
 
where we send people a link. But right
now, we just do this right there. Do the
now, we just do this right there. Do the
 
now, we just do this right there. Do the
CTA. I send them direct to an
CTA. I send them direct to an
 
CTA. I send them direct to an
application. It's just a page with some
application. It's just a page with some
 
application. It's just a page with some
application an application on it with
application an application on it with
 
application an application on it with
testimonials. They book their call. The
testimonials. They book their call. The
 
testimonials. They book their call. The
closer gets on and closes them, and
closer gets on and closes them, and
 
closer gets on and closes them, and
everything else stays the same. That's
everything else stays the same. That's
 
everything else stays the same. That's
the structure. That's how we're
the structure. That's how we're
 
the structure. That's how we're
currently doing it and it's absolutely
currently doing it and it's absolutely
 
currently doing it and it's absolutely
crushing. So now my whole focus, my
crushing. So now my whole focus, my
 
crushing. So now my whole focus, my
whole model, low ticket, 20% book a call
whole model, low ticket, 20% book a call
 
whole model, low ticket, 20% book a call
here and then get as many people on the
here and then get as many people on the
 
here and then get as many people on the
webinar. We'll scoop up another 50% 50%
webinar. We'll scoop up another 50% 50%
 
webinar. We'll scoop up another 50% 50%
come in book buy and the math makes
come in book buy and the math makes
 
come in book buy and the math makes
sense and we kind of map it all out on
sense and we kind of map it all out on
 
sense and we kind of map it all out on
our little economics planner which you
our little economics planner which you
 
our little economics planner which you
guys can go to the last video and check
guys can go to the last video and check
 
guys can go to the last video and check
the comments and and grab that. But
the comments and and grab that. But
 
the comments and and grab that. But
that's the structure. That's what I call
that's the structure. That's what I call
 
that's the structure. That's what I call
low ticket webinar and the funnel that
low ticket webinar and the funnel that
 
low ticket webinar and the funnel that
we're using right now and it's
we're using right now and it's
 
we're using right now and it's
absolutely crushing. The deals are layup
absolutely crushing. The deals are layup
 
absolutely crushing. The deals are layup
for their closers. They love them. It's
for their closers. They love them. It's
 
for their closers. They love them. It's
mainly just Q&amp;A. Uh, this call is only
mainly just Q&amp;A. Uh, this call is only
 
mainly just Q&amp;A. Uh, this call is only
like 30 minutes long. So like this right
like 30 minutes long. So like this right
 
like 30 minutes long. So like this right
here, this takes like 30 minutes. So we
here, this takes like 30 minutes. So we
 
here, this takes like 30 minutes. So we
just do 30 minutes. I do have some
just do 30 minutes. I do have some
 
just do 30 minutes. I do have some
slides prepped, but not many. And so
slides prepped, but not many. And so
 
slides prepped, but not many. And so
it's not like this long slides. It's
it's not like this long slides. It's
 
it's not like this long slides. It's
just 30 minutes long. We host it every
just 30 minutes long. We host it every
 
just 30 minutes long. We host it every
single Tuesday. So I have one tonight.
single Tuesday. So I have one tonight.
 
single Tuesday. So I have one tonight.
Actually, I run these every single
Actually, I run these every single
 
Actually, I run these every single
Tuesday.
Tuesday.
 
Tuesday.
Uh, and we do it at like 5:00 PM.
Uh, and we do it at like 5:00 PM.
 
Uh, and we do it at like 5:00 PM.
So do 5 PM
So do 5 PM
 
So do 5 PM
CST
 
 
 
and that's the whole structure. That's
and that's the whole structure. That's
 
and that's the whole structure. That's
it. Very simple. So that's it. Uh I want
it. Very simple. So that's it. Uh I want
 
it. Very simple. So that's it. Uh I want
to do some Q&amp;A time, answer your
to do some Q&amp;A time, answer your
 
to do some Q&amp;A time, answer your
questions on this or anything else we do
questions on this or anything else we do
 
questions on this or anything else we do
or talk about. Uh would love to see I
or talk about. Uh would love to see I
 
or talk about. Uh would love to see I
can help you or support you. Uh if you
can help you or support you. Uh if you
 
can help you or support you. Uh if you
have any questions, let me know. Uh and
have any questions, let me know. Uh and
 
have any questions, let me know. Uh and
yeah. Hey, shout out Nick. Dude, I'm so
yeah. Hey, shout out Nick. Dude, I'm so
 
yeah. Hey, shout out Nick. Dude, I'm so
excited. I'm going to Nick Fisher's
excited. I'm going to Nick Fisher's
 
excited. I'm going to Nick Fisher's
mastermind. I'm going to be cranking out
mastermind. I'm going to be cranking out
 
mastermind. I'm going to be cranking out
loads of good offers for everybody. We
loads of good offers for everybody. We
 
loads of good offers for everybody. We
got the mastermind. I'll share with you
got the mastermind. I'll share with you
 
got the mastermind. I'll share with you
like the actual slides and go a lot
like the actual slides and go a lot
 
like the actual slides and go a lot
deeper in person uh as well. But yeah,
deeper in person uh as well. But yeah,
 
deeper in person uh as well. But yeah,
super excited, Nick. I can't wait to be
super excited, Nick. I can't wait to be
 
super excited, Nick. I can't wait to be
there uh and in the warmth. It's
there uh and in the warmth. It's
 
there uh and in the warmth. It's
freezing here. But what questions do you
freezing here. But what questions do you
 
freezing here. But what questions do you
guys have? How can I help you? How can I
guys have? How can I help you? How can I
 
guys have? How can I help you? How can I
help you win on this structure and this
help you win on this structure and this
 
help you win on this structure and this
model or anything to do with ascension?
model or anything to do with ascension?
 
model or anything to do with ascension?
That doesn't make sense or I need to
That doesn't make sense or I need to
 
That doesn't make sense or I need to
clear up. Someone says, "Can't do face
clear up. Someone says, "Can't do face
 
clear up. Someone says, "Can't do face
or voice to make webinar though. How
or voice to make webinar though. How
 
or voice to make webinar though. How
come?" And you can also just have
come?" And you can also just have
 
come?" And you can also just have
someone do it for you. I hope you do
someone do it for you. I hope you do
 
someone do it for you. I hope you do
face. I hope you're not doing faceless
face. I hope you're not doing faceless
 
face. I hope you're not doing faceless
is a live Zoom call pre-recorded. It's
is a live Zoom call pre-recorded. It's
 
is a live Zoom call pre-recorded. It's
always live. Live always wins.
always live. Live always wins.
 
always live. Live always wins.
Always. Always live because it's like
Always. Always live because it's like
 
Always. Always live because it's like
very Q&amp;A focused.
very Q&amp;A focused.
 
very Q&amp;A focused.
So, we always do a live.
So, we always do a live.
 
So, we always do a live.
Always. Always live.
 
 
 
Always ripping that sucker live. He's
Always ripping that sucker live. He's
 
Always ripping that sucker live. He's
live. Yes, I am live. I'm here live
live. Yes, I am live. I'm here live
 
live. Yes, I am live. I'm here live
every Tuesday at 11 a.m. CST
 
 
 
live every single week. But yeah, it's
live every single week. But yeah, it's
 
live every single week. But yeah, it's
been I love like webinars are definitely
been I love like webinars are definitely
 
been I love like webinars are definitely
coming back. They have been back just
coming back. They have been back just
 
coming back. They have been back just
because you build more trust and people
because you build more trust and people
 
because you build more trust and people
love it. But the problem is with
love it. But the problem is with
 
love it. But the problem is with
webinars is the economics don't always
webinars is the economics don't always
 
webinars is the economics don't always
make sense. Like most people are
make sense. Like most people are
 
make sense. Like most people are
spending so much like if you guys are
spending so much like if you guys are
 
spending so much like if you guys are
here running a webinar, if you run a
here running a webinar, if you run a
 
here running a webinar, if you run a
webinar in your past, let me know in the
webinar in your past, let me know in the
 
webinar in your past, let me know in the
comments how much do you spend per lead.
comments how much do you spend per lead.
 
comments how much do you spend per lead.
Fake live. Yeah, this is fake. Um,
Fake live. Yeah, this is fake. Um,
 
Fake live. Yeah, this is fake. Um,
how much do you spend per lead on
how much do you spend per lead on
 
how much do you spend per lead on
average? I'm seeing like 10ish
average? I'm seeing like 10ish
 
average? I'm seeing like 10ish
10 plus dollars
 
 
 
right now. Again, we're spending $7.75
 
 
 
at the time of that screenshot to get a
at the time of that screenshot to get a
 
at the time of that screenshot to get a
buyer in the door. Someone just pays us
buyer in the door. Someone just pays us
 
buyer in the door. Someone just pays us
$17 plus. Then on the webinar, it's all
$17 plus. Then on the webinar, it's all
 
$17 plus. Then on the webinar, it's all
buyers.
buyers.
 
buyers.
&gt;&gt; [laughter]
&gt;&gt; [laughter]
 
&gt;&gt; [laughter]
&gt;&gt; It's fake, guys. This is a fake live.
&gt;&gt; It's fake, guys. This is a fake live.
 
&gt;&gt; It's fake, guys. This is a fake live.
It's a fake live stream. No, if you want
It's a fake live stream. No, if you want
 
It's a fake live stream. No, if you want
to do fake live streams, use a event on
to do fake live streams, use a event on
 
to do fake live streams, use a event on
Zoom. That's the best.
Zoom. That's the best.
 
Zoom. That's the best.
How do you get decent deal structures
How do you get decent deal structures
 
How do you get decent deal structures
for your publishing deal? Especially
for your publishing deal? Especially
 
for your publishing deal? Especially
when you have sales agency and other
when you have sales agency and other
 
when you have sales agency and other
partners.
partners.
 
partners.
You just
You just
 
You just
um I think part of it comes with like
um I think part of it comes with like
 
um I think part of it comes with like
convict. Like if you are a killer and
convict. Like if you are a killer and
 
convict. Like if you are a killer and
you show your people you can get great
you show your people you can get great
 
you show your people you can get great
results, they want to work with you so
results, they want to work with you so
 
results, they want to work with you so
much that they'll give you whatever cut.
much that they'll give you whatever cut.
 
much that they'll give you whatever cut.
And like my deals are great because I
And like my deals are great because I
 
And like my deals are great because I
say I'll fund the ads, build the sales
say I'll fund the ads, build the sales
 
say I'll fund the ads, build the sales
team, build the marketing, do
team, build the marketing, do
 
team, build the marketing, do
everything. You just have to create the
everything. You just have to create the
 
everything. You just have to create the
products and I want 7030.
products and I want 7030.
 
products and I want 7030.
It's like how are you going to say no to
It's like how are you going to say no to
 
It's like how are you going to say no to
that? There's no risk on our partners'
that? There's no risk on our partners'
 
that? There's no risk on our partners'
end. So we just make it a no-brainer for
end. So we just make it a no-brainer for
 
end. So we just make it a no-brainer for
them. You'd have to be an idiot. And
them. You'd have to be an idiot. And
 
them. You'd have to be an idiot. And
then we heavily vet. So I only take on
then we heavily vet. So I only take on
 
then we heavily vet. So I only take on
like max two deals at any given time.
like max two deals at any given time.
 
like max two deals at any given time.
and we're about to onboard our second.
and we're about to onboard our second.
 
and we're about to onboard our second.
And so it's just exclusivity and it's a
And so it's just exclusivity and it's a
 
And so it's just exclusivity and it's a
really good offer. When I first started
really good offer. When I first started
 
really good offer. When I first started
out though, I was doing 3070 where I
out though, I was doing 3070 where I
 
out though, I was doing 3070 where I
only got 30. Then I got up to 50 and now
only got 30. Then I got up to 50 and now
 
only got 30. Then I got up to 50 and now
it's 70. So you do have to like work
it's 70. So you do have to like work
 
it's 70. So you do have to like work
your way up. But once you have results
your way up. But once you have results
 
your way up. But once you have results
and trophies, you can go in and get
and trophies, you can go in and get
 
and trophies, you can go in and get
aggressive cuts, which is fair because
aggressive cuts, which is fair because
 
aggressive cuts, which is fair because
you're investing more.
you're investing more.
 
you're investing more.
Which webinar hosting platform do you
Which webinar hosting platform do you
 
Which webinar hosting platform do you
use? Webinar Jam. No, I use a Event.
use? Webinar Jam. No, I use a Event.
 
use? Webinar Jam. No, I use a Event.
AEvent is the best freaking software in
AEvent is the best freaking software in
 
AEvent is the best freaking software in
the whole world for webinars. I love
the whole world for webinars. I love
 
the whole world for webinars. I love
Aevent.
Aevent.
 
Aevent.
AEvent's the best. I'm not affiliated.
AEvent's the best. I'm not affiliated.
 
AEvent's the best. I'm not affiliated.
They wanted to give me affiliate links.
They wanted to give me affiliate links.
 
They wanted to give me affiliate links.
I talk about them so much. But, uh, this
I talk about them so much. But, uh, this
 
I talk about them so much. But, uh, this
is where we run our webinars through.
is where we run our webinars through.
 
is where we run our webinars through.
And what's nice is you can do it on
And what's nice is you can do it on
 
And what's nice is you can do it on
Zoom. So, it tracks like how many people
Zoom. So, it tracks like how many people
 
Zoom. So, it tracks like how many people
are in your Zoom room, when they left.
are in your Zoom room, when they left.
 
are in your Zoom room, when they left.
It segments them and tags them via
It segments them and tags them via
 
It segments them and tags them via
email. So, I can email certain people
email. So, I can email certain people
 
email. So, I can email certain people
leave the Zoom room. I could do fake
leave the Zoom room. I could do fake
 
leave the Zoom room. I could do fake
Zoom calls if I wanted to. It has tons
Zoom calls if I wanted to. It has tons
 
Zoom calls if I wanted to. It has tons
of integrations for everything that you
of integrations for everything that you
 
of integrations for everything that you
may need. Like every single integration,
may need. Like every single integration,
 
may need. Like every single integration,
it's just the best. Like if you're not
it's just the best. Like if you're not
 
it's just the best. Like if you're not
using a event for webinars, you're
using a event for webinars, you're
 
using a event for webinars, you're
stupid. Um, but some of you guys may use
stupid. Um, but some of you guys may use
 
stupid. Um, but some of you guys may use
other stuff because you're used to it.
other stuff because you're used to it.
 
other stuff because you're used to it.
But this truly has the best
But this truly has the best
 
But this truly has the best
integrations, the best tracking, the
integrations, the best tracking, the
 
integrations, the best tracking, the
best segmenting. Um, and I love the
best segmenting. Um, and I love the
 
best segmenting. Um, and I love the
founder. I can literally text up
founder. I can literally text up
 
founder. I can literally text up
whenever I want. So yeah, it's the best.
 
 
 
How much the three bumps setup
How much the three bumps setup
 
How much the three bumps setup
influences LT conversion?
influences LT conversion?
 
influences LT conversion?
Not much. I mean, the bumps don't kill
Not much. I mean, the bumps don't kill
 
Not much. I mean, the bumps don't kill
our fronting conversion rate at all.
our fronting conversion rate at all.
 
our fronting conversion rate at all.
Like, I we have four bumps in our funnel
Like, I we have four bumps in our funnel
 
Like, I we have four bumps in our funnel
and we're still converting in KPI. So,
and we're still converting in KPI. So,
 
and we're still converting in KPI. So,
it's like doesn't kill it. What kills
it's like doesn't kill it. What kills
 
it's like doesn't kill it. What kills
your conversion rate or upsell taker is
your conversion rate or upsell taker is
 
your conversion rate or upsell taker is
having a bunch of upsells. But, your
having a bunch of upsells. But, your
 
having a bunch of upsells. But, your
bumps don't kill it. Um, we have it goes
bumps don't kill it. Um, we have it goes
 
bumps don't kill it. Um, we have it goes
$17, $22, $18, $40 bump. So, you have
$17, $22, $18, $40 bump. So, you have
 
$17, $22, $18, $40 bump. So, you have
four bumps. The $40 bump is buy two
four bumps. The $40 bump is buy two
 
four bumps. The $40 bump is buy two
bumps, get one free. So, you get all the
bumps, get one free. So, you get all the
 
bumps, get one free. So, you get all the
three bumps above for $40.
three bumps above for $40.
 
three bumps above for $40.
When is Allen part two coming? Bro, I've
When is Allen part two coming? Bro, I've
 
When is Allen part two coming? Bro, I've
been asking him. Here, I'll text him
been asking him. Here, I'll text him
 
been asking him. Here, I'll text him
right now.
right now.
 
right now.
Let me text Alan for you, Craig.
Let me text Alan for you, Craig.
 
Let me text Alan for you, Craig.
I'm gonna show him your comment.
I'm gonna show him your comment.
 
I'm gonna show him your comment.
Bro's a busy guy. It took two years to
Bro's a busy guy. It took two years to
 
Bro's a busy guy. It took two years to
get him on the first one.
get him on the first one.
 
get him on the first one.
Two years to get him on the first one.
Two years to get him on the first one.
 
Two years to get him on the first one.
I just texted him. Your comment, Craig.
 
 
 
Um, let's see.
 
 
 
You need a sales manager. Seven years
You need a sales manager. Seven years
 
You need a sales manager. Seven years
experience. I'm your face. I'm in your
experience. I'm your face. I'm in your
 
experience. I'm your face. I'm in your
Facebook span DMs. No, I do not. I use
Facebook span DMs. No, I do not. I use
 
Facebook span DMs. No, I do not. I use
selling to closing. They're the best
selling to closing. They're the best
 
selling to closing. They're the best
done for you agency sales agency in the
done for you agency sales agency in the
 
done for you agency sales agency in the
game. It's incredibly hard to get them
game. It's incredibly hard to get them
 
game. It's incredibly hard to get them
to say yes to work on your offer. They
to say yes to work on your offer. They
 
to say yes to work on your offer. They
are amazing. They heavily people. Still
are amazing. They heavily people. Still
 
are amazing. They heavily people. Still
reach out to see if they're a good fit,
reach out to see if they're a good fit,
 
reach out to see if they're a good fit,
but they are the best and I don't want
but they are the best and I don't want
 
but they are the best and I don't want
to use anybody else.
to use anybody else.
 
to use anybody else.
Um, just they're so good. But I
Um, just they're so good. But I
 
Um, just they're so good. But I
appreciate you offering and if you guys
appreciate you offering and if you guys
 
appreciate you offering and if you guys
need a sales manager sick VNK2020
need a sales manager sick VNK2020
 
need a sales manager sick VNK2020
is interested.
is interested.
 
is interested.
Why not webinar jam? Does a event has
Why not webinar jam? Does a event has
 
Why not webinar jam? Does a event has
anything new features? Yeah, dude.
anything new features? Yeah, dude.
 
anything new features? Yeah, dude.
There's a ton simulated lives. So it
There's a ton simulated lives. So it
 
There's a ton simulated lives. So it
looks like it's a live stream that's or
looks like it's a live stream that's or
 
looks like it's a live stream that's or
a zoom call. It's live but it's
a zoom call. It's live but it's
 
a zoom call. It's live but it's
recorded. It just you can host in zoom.
recorded. It just you can host in zoom.
 
recorded. It just you can host in zoom.
You can do everything that like webinar
You can do everything that like webinar
 
You can do everything that like webinar
jam looks like it's fake or aweber looks
jam looks like it's fake or aweber looks
 
jam looks like it's fake or aweber looks
like it's fake. Zoom calls people don't
like it's fake. Zoom calls people don't
 
like it's fake. Zoom calls people don't
they can't tell like it doesn't feel
they can't tell like it doesn't feel
 
they can't tell like it doesn't feel
like it's a webinar. It feels like a
like it's a webinar. It feels like a
 
like it's a webinar. It feels like a
Zoom call. So, it just hides the sales
Zoom call. So, it just hides the sales
 
Zoom call. So, it just hides the sales
process better when it's on Zoom.
process better when it's on Zoom.
 
process better when it's on Zoom.
Conversion rates go way up. You're more
Conversion rates go way up. You're more
 
Conversion rates go way up. You're more
likely to join a Zoom call than you are
likely to join a Zoom call than you are
 
likely to join a Zoom call than you are
to join a webinar jam. Like, you would
to join a webinar jam. Like, you would
 
to join a webinar jam. Like, you would
never join and sit through an entire
never join and sit through an entire
 
never join and sit through an entire
webinar jam. Be honest. So, why do you
webinar jam. Be honest. So, why do you
 
webinar jam. Be honest. So, why do you
think your customers would too?
think your customers would too?
 
think your customers would too?
It's just it's just it's about hiding
It's just it's just it's about hiding
 
It's just it's just it's about hiding
the sales process and being different.
the sales process and being different.
 
the sales process and being different.
I missed the first half of this. My bad.
I missed the first half of this. My bad.
 
I missed the first half of this. My bad.
No, you're good, bro. You cover this
No, you're good, bro. You cover this
 
No, you're good, bro. You cover this
model. is just running free trainings
model. is just running free trainings
 
model. is just running free trainings
out of the free low ticket community. Uh
out of the free low ticket community. Uh
 
out of the free low ticket community. Uh
it's we don't run into a community. We
it's we don't run into a community. We
 
it's we don't run into a community. We
host on Zoom. So think of it just like
host on Zoom. So think of it just like
 
host on Zoom. So think of it just like
attaching a low ticket offer on the
attaching a low ticket offer on the
 
attaching a low ticket offer on the
front end and then once they come in
front end and then once they come in
 
front end and then once they come in
promoting a webinar funnel in the back
promoting a webinar funnel in the back
 
promoting a webinar funnel in the back
end. So we have an opt-in page, the
end. So we have an opt-in page, the
 
end. So we have an opt-in page, the
emails, the whole shebang. It's just on
emails, the whole shebang. It's just on
 
emails, the whole shebang. It's just on
the back end of the low ticket offer
the back end of the low ticket offer
 
the back end of the low ticket offer
because on the front end I have a net CP
because on the front end I have a net CP
 
because on the front end I have a net CP
of $7 instead of a cost per lead of $20.
of $7 instead of a cost per lead of $20.
 
of $7 instead of a cost per lead of $20.
And then I'm, you know, 20% of people
And then I'm, you know, 20% of people
 
And then I'm, you know, 20% of people
are already booking a call and so I'm
are already booking a call and so I'm
 
are already booking a call and so I'm
just scooping up the other 80% through
just scooping up the other 80% through
 
just scooping up the other 80% through
the webinar. And we do these live and
the webinar. And we do these live and
 
the webinar. And we do these live and
they're 30 minutes long. And then here's
they're 30 minutes long. And then here's
 
they're 30 minutes long. And then here's
the cut here.
 
 
 
Do you sell front-end offers without
Do you sell front-end offers without
 
Do you sell front-end offers without
sales call? No.
sales call? No.
 
sales call? No.
I know people that do, but I don't.
I know people that do, but I don't.
 
I know people that do, but I don't.
It's very hard. Lower profit margins and
It's very hard. Lower profit margins and
 
It's very hard. Lower profit margins and
I just don't want to compete in that
I just don't want to compete in that
 
I just don't want to compete in that
game. I'd rather do low ticket to high
game. I'd rather do low ticket to high
 
game. I'd rather do low ticket to high
ticket and down sell mid ticket.
ticket and down sell mid ticket.
 
ticket and down sell mid ticket.
How do you deal with the people that
How do you deal with the people that
 
How do you deal with the people that
talk sword in the chat during the
talk sword in the chat during the
 
talk sword in the chat during the
webinar? No one does. They've all paid
webinar? No one does. They've all paid
 
webinar? No one does. They've all paid
me money. The reason why you have people
me money. The reason why you have people
 
me money. The reason why you have people
talking crap in the webinar chest
talking crap in the webinar chest
 
talking crap in the webinar chest
because you're running a free webinar,
because you're running a free webinar,
 
because you're running a free webinar,
it's terrible leads of low quality.
it's terrible leads of low quality.
 
it's terrible leads of low quality.
That's why I do a low ticket funnel or a
That's why I do a low ticket funnel or a
 
That's why I do a low ticket funnel or a
low ticket webinar is because the people
low ticket webinar is because the people
 
low ticket webinar is because the people
coming on, they've already paid me money
coming on, they've already paid me money
 
coming on, they've already paid me money
and are a good fit and it's framed as a
and are a good fit and it's framed as a
 
and are a good fit and it's framed as a
onboarding call, not a sales call.
 
 
 
Is is it 7030 to you or 70? I get 70 to
Is is it 7030 to you or 70? I get 70 to
 
Is is it 7030 to you or 70? I get 70 to
me. It's 30 to the creator. Now, when I
me. It's 30 to the creator. Now, when I
 
me. It's 30 to the creator. Now, when I
first started, I got 30, they got 70
first started, I got 30, they got 70
 
first started, I got 30, they got 70
because I was new. Once I got trophies,
because I was new. Once I got trophies,
 
because I was new. Once I got trophies,
then I got 50/50. And now, at this
then I got 50/50. And now, at this
 
then I got 50/50. And now, at this
point, I will not accept anything under
point, I will not accept anything under
 
point, I will not accept anything under
7030. Maybe I'll do 6040, maybe. But
7030. Maybe I'll do 6040, maybe. But
 
7030. Maybe I'll do 6040, maybe. But
with my deal structure, it's a
with my deal structure, it's a
 
with my deal structure, it's a
no-brainer to go that way. So, I know
no-brainer to go that way. So, I know
 
no-brainer to go that way. So, I know
people are newbies, start getting 7030.
people are newbies, start getting 7030.
 
people are newbies, start getting 7030.
If you set it up right, it's pretty easy
If you set it up right, it's pretty easy
 
If you set it up right, it's pretty easy
to get.
to get.
 
to get.
I just tuned in. Is your low ticket a
I just tuned in. Is your low ticket a
 
I just tuned in. Is your low ticket a
paid webinar? Yes, sort of. because the
paid webinar? Yes, sort of. because the
 
paid webinar? Yes, sort of. because the
only way to get on the webinar is to buy
only way to get on the webinar is to buy
 
only way to get on the webinar is to buy
our low ticket offer and then we promote
our low ticket offer and then we promote
 
our low ticket offer and then we promote
the webinar for free on the back end of
the webinar for free on the back end of
 
the webinar for free on the back end of
it. So yeah, watch back again. I kind I
it. So yeah, watch back again. I kind I
 
it. So yeah, watch back again. I kind I
go through it more, but uh yeah, pretty
go through it more, but uh yeah, pretty
 
go through it more, but uh yeah, pretty
much.
much.
 
much.
And the reason why I do this because we
And the reason why I do this because we
 
And the reason why I do this because we
can get a cheaper cost per lead on a
can get a cheaper cost per lead on a
 
can get a cheaper cost per lead on a
webinar than you could with just a
webinar than you could with just a
 
webinar than you could with just a
normal one.
 
 
 
So hopefully that answers your question.
 
 
 
At the moment I don't have sales calls,
At the moment I don't have sales calls,
 
At the moment I don't have sales calls,
only front end AOV $80. Yeah, I mean $80
only front end AOV $80. Yeah, I mean $80
 
only front end AOV $80. Yeah, I mean $80
AOV, even if you're at like a $50 CPA, I
AOV, even if you're at like a $50 CPA, I
 
AOV, even if you're at like a $50 CPA, I
mean that'd be fine. But what's your
mean that'd be fine. But what's your
 
mean that'd be fine. But what's your
Mark? What's your um cost requisition
Mark? What's your um cost requisition
 
Mark? What's your um cost requisition
right now? What's your CAC?
 
 
 
How are you liking the creator? Good to
How are you liking the creator? Good to
 
How are you liking the creator? Good to
work with. Oh, I love the creator. I
work with. Oh, I love the creator. I
 
work with. Oh, I love the creator. I
love every single one of my creators. I
love every single one of my creators. I
 
love every single one of my creators. I
will not work with them unless I love
will not work with them unless I love
 
will not work with them unless I love
them. Like, I love them. They're
them. Like, I love them. They're
 
them. Like, I love them. They're
awesome. I like their personality. They
awesome. I like their personality. They
 
awesome. I like their personality. They
uh
 
 
 
I love how they much they care. You
I love how they much they care. You
 
I love how they much they care. You
really want to pick someone who truly
really want to pick someone who truly
 
really want to pick someone who truly
just cares about creating good products
just cares about creating good products
 
just cares about creating good products
and helping people and they don't want
and helping people and they don't want
 
and helping people and they don't want
to give a crap about that.
to give a crap about that.
 
to give a crap about that.
Why would you why would a creator pay
Why would you why would a creator pay
 
Why would you why would a creator pay
70% of revenue he has built for his
70% of revenue he has built for his
 
70% of revenue he has built for his
audience he's fulfilling because we
audience he's fulfilling because we
 
audience he's fulfilling because we
don't just use his audience we run cold
don't just use his audience we run cold
 
don't just use his audience we run cold
ads
ads
 
ads
the growth the model of just doing just
the growth the model of just doing just
 
the growth the model of just doing just
their audience like eventually it runs
their audience like eventually it runs
 
their audience like eventually it runs
out even when I do publishing I do the
out even when I do publishing I do the
 
out even when I do publishing I do the
initial launch but that dries up that's
initial launch but that dries up that's
 
initial launch but that dries up that's
why I think growth operating is one of
why I think growth operating is one of
 
why I think growth operating is one of
the stupid like just organic is the
the stupid like just organic is the
 
the stupid like just organic is the
dumbest model out there because
dumbest model out there because
 
dumbest model out there because
eventually you're going to absolutely
eventually you're going to absolutely
 
eventually you're going to absolutely
milk their audience it's going to be
milk their audience it's going to be
 
milk their audience it's going to be
cooked and now they've already milked
cooked and now they've already milked
 
cooked and now they've already milked
their audience before you came to them
their audience before you came to them
 
their audience before you came to them
so that's why I go right to paid and why
so that's why I go right to paid and why
 
so that's why I go right to paid and why
becoming, you know, an ascension officer
becoming, you know, an ascension officer
 
becoming, you know, an ascension officer
versus a growth operator is way better
versus a growth operator is way better
 
versus a growth operator is way better
because you're get you're actually
because you're get you're actually
 
because you're get you're actually
offering something that's new and
offering something that's new and
 
offering something that's new and
different. And you're not just taking
different. And you're not just taking
 
different. And you're not just taking
the audience that they've built so they
the audience that they've built so they
 
the audience that they've built so they
can't justify getting more of a cut.
can't justify getting more of a cut.
 
can't justify getting more of a cut.
Every customer I'm bringing in is a new
Every customer I'm bringing in is a new
 
Every customer I'm bringing in is a new
lead who's never heard of this creator
lead who's never heard of this creator
 
lead who's never heard of this creator
before. It's my ad account, my ad spend,
before. It's my ad account, my ad spend,
 
before. It's my ad account, my ad spend,
it's my offer, my funnel. I control the
it's my offer, my funnel. I control the
 
it's my offer, my funnel. I control the
whole thing. I'm essentially just lead
whole thing. I'm essentially just lead
 
whole thing. I'm essentially just lead
genening or affiliating to their high
genening or affiliating to their high
 
genening or affiliating to their high
ticket offer. And so I want a 70% cut
ticket offer. And so I want a 70% cut
 
ticket offer. And so I want a 70% cut
because I'm doing all that work. So, I
because I'm doing all that work. So, I
 
because I'm doing all that work. So, I
think honestly I could get 8020 with the
think honestly I could get 8020 with the
 
think honestly I could get 8020 with the
right creator. I think I could probably
right creator. I think I could probably
 
right creator. I think I could probably
get 9010 if I really wanted to. I'm
get 9010 if I really wanted to. I'm
 
get 9010 if I really wanted to. I'm
doing all the work. They just get to sit
doing all the work. They just get to sit
 
doing all the work. They just get to sit
there and coach their people and get
there and coach their people and get
 
there and coach their people and get
paid money. Like I'd send checks out to
paid money. Like I'd send checks out to
 
paid money. Like I'd send checks out to
my my publishing partners with thousands
my my publishing partners with thousands
 
my my publishing partners with thousands
and thousands and thousands of dollars
and thousands and thousands of dollars
 
and thousands and thousands of dollars
and they just chilled and just got to do
and they just chilled and just got to do
 
and they just chilled and just got to do
their thing. So, it's like yeah, why why
their thing. So, it's like yeah, why why
 
their thing. So, it's like yeah, why why
wouldn't they say yes to that? Um, it's
wouldn't they say yes to that? Um, it's
 
wouldn't they say yes to that? Um, it's
it's the best.
it's the best.
 
it's the best.
Where do you host your load to get
Where do you host your load to get
 
Where do you host your load to get
product? Go ahead, W Click Funnels. I've
product? Go ahead, W Click Funnels. I've
 
product? Go ahead, W Click Funnels. I've
done it all. Uh depends on the age of
done it all. Uh depends on the age of
 
done it all. Uh depends on the age of
the person in the market, but mainly
the person in the market, but mainly
 
the person in the market, but mainly
 If it's an older demographic, like
 If it's an older demographic, like
 
 If it's an older demographic, like
really old people, I don't usually put
really old people, I don't usually put
 
really old people, I don't usually put
them in I'll just do go high level
them in I'll just do go high level
 
them in I'll just do go high level
or something like that. Just custom
or something like that. Just custom
 
or something like that. Just custom
build. But yeah, you can do it wherever.
build. But yeah, you can do it wherever.
 
build. But yeah, you can do it wherever.
Um wherever your market hangs out,
Um wherever your market hangs out,
 
Um wherever your market hangs out,
whatever UI you think they would like.
whatever UI you think they would like.
 
whatever UI you think they would like.
Uh
 
 
 
yeah, I spend the money on ads because I
yeah, I spend the money on ads because I
 
yeah, I spend the money on ads because I
own the offer. If my creator my creator
own the offer. If my creator my creator
 
own the offer. If my creator my creator
tries to bounce or stop fulfilling, I
tries to bounce or stop fulfilling, I
 
tries to bounce or stop fulfilling, I
just take that offer and I go to another
just take that offer and I go to another
 
just take that offer and I go to another
person. I put a new person on the back
person. I put a new person on the back
 
person. I put a new person on the back
of it. I just go to their competitor and
of it. I just go to their competitor and
 
of it. I just go to their competitor and
I just go lead genen to their offer. So
I just go lead genen to their offer. So
 
I just go lead genen to their offer. So
I'm protected that way. So the person
I'm protected that way. So the person
 
I'm protected that way. So the person
doesn't want to leave because it's like,
doesn't want to leave because it's like,
 
doesn't want to leave because it's like,
all right, I'm going to go take all
all right, I'm going to go take all
 
all right, I'm going to go take all
these ads in funnel and bring it to your
these ads in funnel and bring it to your
 
these ads in funnel and bring it to your
competitor. Good luck competing against
competitor. Good luck competing against
 
competitor. Good luck competing against
me. They don't have any control.
me. They don't have any control.
 
me. They don't have any control.
Now the secret sauce of this is what you
Now the secret sauce of this is what you
 
Now the secret sauce of this is what you
do is you launch the low ticket to the
do is you launch the low ticket to the
 
do is you launch the low ticket to the
organic first. And since we keep a 100%
organic first. And since we keep a 100%
 
organic first. And since we keep a 100%
of the revenue from the low ticket, we
of the revenue from the low ticket, we
 
of the revenue from the low ticket, we
then take all that money we made from
then take all that money we made from
 
then take all that money we made from
organic from the low ticket and we use
organic from the low ticket and we use
 
organic from the low ticket and we use
that to launch the ads. And then we bank
that to launch the ads. And then we bank
 
that to launch the ads. And then we bank
all the ads. So I'm technically not
all the ads. So I'm technically not
 
all the ads. So I'm technically not
spending any money out of pocket to
spending any money out of pocket to
 
spending any money out of pocket to
start. That's the real secret of this
start. That's the real secret of this
 
start. That's the real secret of this
model.
 
 
 
Craig Allen loved the message, but he
Craig Allen loved the message, but he
 
Craig Allen loved the message, but he
didn't say anything.
 
 
 
&gt;&gt; [snorts]
 
 
 
&gt;&gt; You guys hard to get, bro. I'm trying,
&gt;&gt; You guys hard to get, bro. I'm trying,
 
&gt;&gt; You guys hard to get, bro. I'm trying,
guys. I'm trying to get Allan back on.
guys. I'm trying to get Allan back on.
 
guys. I'm trying to get Allan back on.
I'm trying. Bear with me.
I'm trying. Bear with me.
 
I'm trying. Bear with me.
I'm trying my best.
I'm trying my best.
 
I'm trying my best.
What other questions you guys have about
What other questions you guys have about
 
What other questions you guys have about
this model though? Load to get paid
this model though? Load to get paid
 
this model though? Load to get paid
webinars. What else you got?
webinars. What else you got?
 
webinars. What else you got?
What else does it make sense to you need
What else does it make sense to you need
 
What else does it make sense to you need
help with?
 
 
 
Again, I think be helping people with
Again, I think be helping people with
 
Again, I think be helping people with
ascension like we had the growth
ascension like we had the growth
 
ascension like we had the growth
operator wave, we did that, we had the
operator wave, we did that, we had the
 
operator wave, we did that, we had the
publishing wave, we did that. That's
publishing wave, we did that. That's
 
publishing wave, we did that. That's
awesome. There's a huge influx of
awesome. There's a huge influx of
 
awesome. There's a huge influx of
creators out there now. Like the biggest
creators out there now. Like the biggest
 
creators out there now. Like the biggest
way to get into brands, you can't just
way to get into brands, you can't just
 
way to get into brands, you can't just
go and say, "Let me milk your audience
go and say, "Let me milk your audience
 
go and say, "Let me milk your audience
and freaking, you know, take your stuff
and freaking, you know, take your stuff
 
and freaking, you know, take your stuff
and give me a cut." Like they're getting
and give me a cut." Like they're getting
 
and give me a cut." Like they're getting
spammed by so many people making an
spammed by so many people making an
 
spammed by so many people making an
offer. So again, you have to pivot. And
offer. So again, you have to pivot. And
 
offer. So again, you have to pivot. And
so that's why I think it's important to
so that's why I think it's important to
 
so that's why I think it's important to
be uh an ascension officer. Uh, in my
be uh an ascension officer. Uh, in my
 
be uh an ascension officer. Uh, in my
opinion, that's like what I do right
opinion, that's like what I do right
 
opinion, that's like what I do right
now. Uh, it's what a lot of people do
now. Uh, it's what a lot of people do
 
now. Uh, it's what a lot of people do
and
and
 
and
um, yeah, I own the domain. Makes sense.
um, yeah, I own the domain. Makes sense.
 
um, yeah, I own the domain. Makes sense.
Yeah, I own all of it
 
 
 
and it's it's crushing. That's what I'm
and it's it's crushing. That's what I'm
 
and it's it's crushing. That's what I'm
literally I'm going to Arizona, hang out
literally I'm going to Arizona, hang out
 
literally I'm going to Arizona, hang out
with some other guys who do this, too.
with some other guys who do this, too.
 
with some other guys who do this, too.
And it's the it's the best.
 
 
 
Sad days. I know, Craig. I'm sorry, bro.
Sad days. I know, Craig. I'm sorry, bro.
 
Sad days. I know, Craig. I'm sorry, bro.
I'm sorry. I'm trying, bro. I'm trying.
I'm sorry. I'm trying, bro. I'm trying.
 
I'm sorry. I'm trying, bro. I'm trying.
He's a dog like that.
He's a dog like that.
 
He's a dog like that.
He don't come around easy.
 
 
 
He do not come around easy.
 
 
 
Yeah. Um, we're literally hosting one of
Yeah. Um, we're literally hosting one of
 
Yeah. Um, we're literally hosting one of
these tonight. So, every single Tuesday
these tonight. So, every single Tuesday
 
these tonight. So, every single Tuesday
I do these. Um, one thing I do too is
I do these. Um, one thing I do too is
 
I do these. Um, one thing I do too is
since I'm like present to my market,
since I'm like present to my market,
 
since I'm like present to my market,
I'll do like uh freaking AI backdrop so
I'll do like uh freaking AI backdrop so
 
I'll do like uh freaking AI backdrop so
it looks super professional and stuff.
it looks super professional and stuff.
 
it looks super professional and stuff.
All the nice little AI backdrop that's
All the nice little AI backdrop that's
 
All the nice little AI backdrop that's
like themed my market. I wear like a
like themed my market. I wear like a
 
like themed my market. I wear like a
nice little button down. I get all fancy
nice little button down. I get all fancy
 
nice little button down. I get all fancy
for it and we just absolutely we just
for it and we just absolutely we just
 
for it and we just absolutely we just
cook on the webinar.
cook on the webinar.
 
cook on the webinar.
[snorts]
[snorts]
 
[snorts]
Josh, I'm making an offer of how to use
Josh, I'm making an offer of how to use
 
Josh, I'm making an offer of how to use
cloud code for operators now. How would
cloud code for operators now. How would
 
cloud code for operators now. How would
you structure it?
you structure it?
 
you structure it?
I was thinking 97 paid webinar high
I was thinking 97 paid webinar high
 
I was thinking 97 paid webinar high
ticket. I don't know. You could do
ticket. I don't know. You could do
 
ticket. I don't know. You could do
anyway. I'm biased. The only model I do
anyway. I'm biased. The only model I do
 
anyway. I'm biased. The only model I do
right now front-end offer for $17 or
right now front-end offer for $17 or
 
right now front-end offer for $17 or
$27. Order bumps that equal altogether
$27. Order bumps that equal altogether
 
$27. Order bumps that equal altogether
up to over $50. Book a call for my high
up to over $50. Book a call for my high
 
up to over $50. Book a call for my high
ticket offer. Webinar every single week
ticket offer. Webinar every single week
 
ticket offer. Webinar every single week
to push them to my high ticket offer.
to push them to my high ticket offer.
 
to push them to my high ticket offer.
And I will downell a mid ticket if
And I will downell a mid ticket if
 
And I will downell a mid ticket if
they're not a good fit. That's the only
they're not a good fit. That's the only
 
they're not a good fit. That's the only
structure I use right now. So, uh,
structure I use right now. So, uh,
 
structure I use right now. So, uh,
that's that's the structure.
 
 
 
Craig flaking on you for a webinar. What
Craig flaking on you for a webinar. What
 
Craig flaking on you for a webinar. What
you mean, Craig?
you mean, Craig?
 
you mean, Craig?
How much revenue you doing? How does
How much revenue you doing? How does
 
How much revenue you doing? How does
your team structure look like? My team
your team structure look like? My team
 
your team structure look like? My team
right now, it goes
right now, it goes
 
right now, it goes
I actually show I have a little I'll
I actually show I have a little I'll
 
I actually show I have a little I'll
show you what our team looks like.
 
 
 
Let me just blot out some names because
Let me just blot out some names because
 
Let me just blot out some names because
I don't want I don't think some guys
I don't want I don't think some guys
 
I don't want I don't think some guys
people on my team want to be known. Um,
people on my team want to be known. Um,
 
people on my team want to be known. Um,
so I'll block out. Only show my org
so I'll block out. Only show my org
 
so I'll block out. Only show my org
chart.
 
 
 
Let me show you my org chart.
 
 
 
because you asked nicely. We have a call
because you asked nicely. We have a call
 
because you asked nicely. We have a call
in 80 minutes. Who the freak are you?
in 80 minutes. Who the freak are you?
 
in 80 minutes. Who the freak are you?
Craig.
 
 
 
Craig, what is your username, bro? What
Craig, what is your username, bro? What
 
Craig, what is your username, bro? What
what call do we have 80 minutes? I have
what call do we have 80 minutes? I have
 
what call do we have 80 minutes? I have
a call with someone else in 80 minutes.
a call with someone else in 80 minutes.
 
a call with someone else in 80 minutes.
Um, this is my org chart. So, it's me
Um, this is my org chart. So, it's me
 
Um, this is my org chart. So, it's me
overseeing CMO, founder, whatever. I
overseeing CMO, founder, whatever. I
 
overseeing CMO, founder, whatever. I
just call myself CMO. I have a media
just call myself CMO. I have a media
 
just call myself CMO. I have a media
buyer. We're actually hiring for this
buyer. We're actually hiring for this
 
buyer. We're actually hiring for this
right now. So, before I used to just
right now. So, before I used to just
 
right now. So, before I used to just
have this section of team run the media,
have this section of team run the media,
 
have this section of team run the media,
but I'm hiring a media buyer now for
but I'm hiring a media buyer now for
 
but I'm hiring a media buyer now for
this role. So, that's kind of like a a
this role. So, that's kind of like a a
 
this role. So, that's kind of like a a
new role right here. This one we're just
new role right here. This one we're just
 
new role right here. This one we're just
hiring for. So, this is added. It used
hiring for. So, this is added. It used
 
hiring for. So, this is added. It used
to just be this downline here. The sales
to just be this downline here. The sales
 
to just be this downline here. The sales
manager manages the sellers and closers.
manager manages the sellers and closers.
 
manager manages the sellers and closers.
This here is done for you. Done.
This here is done for you. Done.
 
This here is done for you. Done.
Oh, you're Jordan, bro. That's freaking
Oh, you're Jordan, bro. That's freaking
 
Oh, you're Jordan, bro. That's freaking
uh Why does your thing say Craig Miller,
uh Why does your thing say Craig Miller,
 
uh Why does your thing say Craig Miller,
bro? [laughter] What the freak? I was
bro? [laughter] What the freak? I was
 
bro? [laughter] What the freak? I was
like, who the freak are you? Yeah,
like, who the freak are you? Yeah,
 
like, who the freak are you? Yeah,
Craig. Craig in the chat is not Craig
Craig. Craig in the chat is not Craig
 
Craig. Craig in the chat is not Craig
Jordan. Top ClickBank affiliate. I'll
Jordan. Top ClickBank affiliate. I'll
 
Jordan. Top ClickBank affiliate. I'll
call with you in a bit. What's up, bro?
call with you in a bit. What's up, bro?
 
call with you in a bit. What's up, bro?
My webinar sniper. I'll never flake on
My webinar sniper. I'll never flake on
 
My webinar sniper. I'll never flake on
you for a webinar. You come first over
you for a webinar. You come first over
 
you for a webinar. You come first over
everything. So, that's is why my
everything. So, that's is why my
 
everything. So, that's is why my
structure here. Oh, my YouTube username.
structure here. Oh, my YouTube username.
 
structure here. Oh, my YouTube username.
Oh,
Oh,
 
Oh,
bro. I was like, what? Who the freak are
bro. I was like, what? Who the freak are
 
bro. I was like, what? Who the freak are
you? Uh,
you? Uh,
 
you? Uh,
and so I have a done for you sales
and so I have a done for you sales
 
and so I have a done for you sales
agency. This is outsourced. They manage
agency. This is outsourced. They manage
 
agency. This is outsourced. They manage
all of this. And then media oversees our
all of this. And then media oversees our
 
all of this. And then media oversees our
marketing ops, CRO person. We have our
marketing ops, CRO person. We have our
 
marketing ops, CRO person. We have our
copywriter and creative manager. So, he
copywriter and creative manager. So, he
 
copywriter and creative manager. So, he
handles all the creatives. And we have
handles all the creatives. And we have
 
handles all the creatives. And we have
video editors and designers. And then a
video editors and designers. And then a
 
video editors and designers. And then a
tech league. And so that's our current
tech league. And so that's our current
 
tech league. And so that's our current
structure. And this structure alone. I
structure. And this structure alone. I
 
structure. And this structure alone. I
also have an executive assistant who is
also have an executive assistant who is
 
also have an executive assistant who is
like probably like would be up in here
like probably like would be up in here
 
like probably like would be up in here
too. And uh yeah, they help me with like
too. And uh yeah, they help me with like
 
too. And uh yeah, they help me with like
project management and reminders and
project management and reminders and
 
project management and reminders and
things like that. Shout out to Agnes,
things like that. Shout out to Agnes,
 
things like that. Shout out to Agnes,
you're the best. And so yeah, pretty
you're the best. And so yeah, pretty
 
you're the best. And so yeah, pretty
pretty chill, very lean team. And this
pretty chill, very lean team. And this
 
pretty chill, very lean team. And this
alone manages can manage two brands on
alone manages can manage two brands on
 
alone manages can manage two brands on
the portfolio. So very very lean, mean
the portfolio. So very very lean, mean
 
the portfolio. So very very lean, mean
team that crushes.
 
 
 
Yeah. What's up, Craig? Craig's Jordan.
Yeah. What's up, Craig? Craig's Jordan.
 
Yeah. What's up, Craig? Craig's Jordan.
If you guys haven't seen our interview
If you guys haven't seen our interview
 
If you guys haven't seen our interview
with Jordan, Rose almost got more views
with Jordan, Rose almost got more views
 
with Jordan, Rose almost got more views
than Allan on the channel.
than Allan on the channel.
 
than Allan on the channel.
That's how much clout he has. He's
That's how much clout he has. He's
 
That's how much clout he has. He's
catching up. He's the top two most
catching up. He's the top two most
 
catching up. He's the top two most
viewed videos on the channel. So, shout
viewed videos on the channel. So, shout
 
viewed videos on the channel. So, shout
out you Jordan. Thanks for the views
out you Jordan. Thanks for the views
 
out you Jordan. Thanks for the views
and the sauce. Great interviews. How
and the sauce. Great interviews. How
 
and the sauce. Great interviews. How
soon you usually call buyers after they
soon you usually call buyers after they
 
soon you usually call buyers after they
buy? Same day. Within a few hours. Yeah,
buy? Same day. Within a few hours. Yeah,
 
buy? Same day. Within a few hours. Yeah,
same day. As soon as possible, within 20
same day. As soon as possible, within 20
 
same day. As soon as possible, within 20
25 minutes. It's more of like an
25 minutes. It's more of like an
 
25 minutes. It's more of like an
onboarding call, customer service call.
onboarding call, customer service call.
 
onboarding call, customer service call.
So, it's not really a sales call. So,
So, it's not really a sales call. So,
 
So, it's not really a sales call. So,
I'm not like quick dial and book them.
I'm not like quick dial and book them.
 
I'm not like quick dial and book them.
they're already going to be more engaged
they're already going to be more engaged
 
they're already going to be more engaged
than a free lead. So, we don't have to
than a free lead. So, we don't have to
 
than a free lead. So, we don't have to
do too much speed to lead. Sometimes
do too much speed to lead. Sometimes
 
do too much speed to lead. Sometimes
speed to lead annoys them because they
speed to lead annoys them because they
 
speed to lead annoys them because they
want to go through stuff first. So, we
want to go through stuff first. So, we
 
want to go through stuff first. So, we
do delay it a bit. How involved you with
do delay it a bit. How involved you with
 
do delay it a bit. How involved you with
the sales team, by the way. Do you just
the sales team, by the way. Do you just
 
the sales team, by the way. Do you just
let Zach do his thing? Yeah, I let him
let Zach do his thing? Yeah, I let him
 
let Zach do his thing? Yeah, I let him
do his thing. Um, I'm involved with the
do his thing. Um, I'm involved with the
 
do his thing. Um, I'm involved with the
application questions. I'm involved with
application questions. I'm involved with
 
application questions. I'm involved with
the pre-all assets that page. I'm I'm in
the pre-all assets that page. I'm I'm in
 
the pre-all assets that page. I'm I'm in
charge of everything pre-all, very
charge of everything pre-all, very
 
charge of everything pre-all, very
involved that in the sales process. I do
involved that in the sales process. I do
 
involved that in the sales process. I do
help customize what's being said on the
help customize what's being said on the
 
help customize what's being said on the
call for doing custom assessments or
call for doing custom assessments or
 
call for doing custom assessments or
evaluated model. But in terms of the
evaluated model. But in terms of the
 
evaluated model. But in terms of the
script, I don't know. Reviewing the
script, I don't know. Reviewing the
 
script, I don't know. Reviewing the
calls, I have no idea. Um, coaching on
calls, I have no idea. Um, coaching on
 
calls, I have no idea. Um, coaching on
followup. I don't talk to the sales
followup. I don't talk to the sales
 
followup. I don't talk to the sales
reps. They don't talk to my team. They
reps. They don't talk to my team. They
 
reps. They don't talk to my team. They
do all that. We don't do culture. I'm
do all that. We don't do culture. I'm
 
do all that. We don't do culture. I'm
not like, "Hey, the culture team." I
not like, "Hey, the culture team." I
 
not like, "Hey, the culture team." I
don't touch any of that. So, um, yeah,
don't touch any of that. So, um, yeah,
 
don't touch any of that. So, um, yeah,
that's that's the beautiful part is I
that's that's the beautiful part is I
 
that's that's the beautiful part is I
don't have to like do any of that. I
don't have to like do any of that. I
 
don't have to like do any of that. I
just find I'm better if I stay out of
just find I'm better if I stay out of
 
just find I'm better if I stay out of
it. They closed. I mean, one of our
it. They closed. I mean, one of our
 
it. They closed. I mean, one of our
closers at 33% closing rate, the other
closers at 33% closing rate, the other
 
closers at 33% closing rate, the other
one's like 22. So, he's placing good
one's like 22. So, he's placing good
 
one's like 22. So, he's placing good
people who are doing a great job.
people who are doing a great job.
 
people who are doing a great job.
you know, they're doing a great job. So,
you know, they're doing a great job. So,
 
you know, they're doing a great job. So,
very removed. I just I don't want to be
very removed. I just I don't want to be
 
very removed. I just I don't want to be
involved in that part of the process. I
involved in that part of the process. I
 
involved in that part of the process. I
think it'd be cool if they had a
think it'd be cool if they had a
 
think it'd be cool if they had a
co-founder at some point who man like
co-founder at some point who man like
 
co-founder at some point who man like
Zach who like he only worked with me and
Zach who like he only worked with me and
 
Zach who like he only worked with me and
my brands and was like a Zach and we
my brands and was like a Zach and we
 
my brands and was like a Zach and we
built internally. I think that'd be
built internally. I think that'd be
 
built internally. I think that'd be
great for like culture sake and goals.
great for like culture sake and goals.
 
great for like culture sake and goals.
But right now, Zach is just so good that
But right now, Zach is just so good that
 
But right now, Zach is just so good that
like I don't need anybody else.
 
 
 
So he's just he does the job. Yeah,
So he's just he does the job. Yeah,
 
So he's just he does the job. Yeah,
dude. Zach, you know, Zack Crush it.
dude. Zach, you know, Zack Crush it.
 
dude. Zach, you know, Zack Crush it.
Like he's so good. He just he made a
Like he's so good. He just he made a
 
Like he's so good. He just he made a
post on Facebook. there just got an
post on Facebook. there just got an
 
post on Facebook. there just got an
offer from zero to mill like closing on
offer from zero to mill like closing on
 
offer from zero to mill like closing on
it and like you might even know whose
it and like you might even know whose
 
it and like you might even know whose
offer it was.
 
 
 
He just got an offer at mill profit
He just got an offer at mill profit
 
He just got an offer at mill profit
since they started it.
since they started it.
 
since they started it.
just cooking
just cooking
 
just cooking
says Zach's the best
 
 
 
1,00
1,00
 
1,00
1,130 DPL. Yeah, our DPL is over a,000
1,130 DPL. Yeah, our DPL is over a,000
 
1,130 DPL. Yeah, our DPL is over a,000
for us, too. He's crushing it.
 
 
 
Yeah, Zach's awesome.
 
 
 
Got to show him some love. Got to show
Got to show him some love. Got to show
 
Got to show him some love. Got to show
him some love. You know what I'm saying?
him some love. You know what I'm saying?
 
him some love. You know what I'm saying?
Ice weekly lives. Need to do these. Got
Ice weekly lives. Need to do these. Got
 
Ice weekly lives. Need to do these. Got
Come on, Nick. Run it up, brother.
Come on, Nick. Run it up, brother.
 
Come on, Nick. Run it up, brother.
I think for you, Nick, it'll be
I think for you, Nick, it'll be
 
I think for you, Nick, it'll be
interesting. You got to check yourself.
interesting. You got to check yourself.
 
interesting. You got to check yourself.
Like, if you really wanted to do
Like, if you really wanted to do
 
Like, if you really wanted to do
content, you would do it.
content, you would do it.
 
content, you would do it.
But there must be some part of you that
But there must be some part of you that
 
But there must be some part of you that
doesn't want to do content or
doesn't want to do content or
 
doesn't want to do content or
the way the format of content. Like for
the way the format of content. Like for
 
the way the format of content. Like for
me, there's a type of format of content
me, there's a type of format of content
 
me, there's a type of format of content
other people do that I could never do.
other people do that I could never do.
 
other people do that I could never do.
So I was inconsistent with it. But
So I was inconsistent with it. But
 
So I was inconsistent with it. But
there's a format I love to do that I can
there's a format I love to do that I can
 
there's a format I love to do that I can
stay consistent with and I just stick
stay consistent with and I just stick
 
stay consistent with and I just stick
with that and I just stay. So it's like
with that and I just stay. So it's like
 
with that and I just stay. So it's like
figure out what type of format you like
figure out what type of format you like
 
figure out what type of format you like
to create in and then you can stick to
to create in and then you can stick to
 
to create in and then you can stick to
it. But sometimes it's like like I don't
it. But sometimes it's like like I don't
 
it. But sometimes it's like like I don't
want to do like presscript evergreen
want to do like presscript evergreen
 
want to do like presscript evergreen
stuff, so I might outsource it out. But
stuff, so I might outsource it out. But
 
stuff, so I might outsource it out. But
yeah, I was like, I can commit to doing
yeah, I was like, I can commit to doing
 
yeah, I was like, I can commit to doing
this every single week this year and uh
this every single week this year and uh
 
this every single week this year and uh
just like build up a huge vault of
just like build up a huge vault of
 
just like build up a huge vault of
content and then just like live is super
content and then just like live is super
 
content and then just like live is super
fun, too, so people can hang out, ask
fun, too, so people can hang out, ask
 
fun, too, so people can hang out, ask
questions. It's uh it's a great place.
questions. It's uh it's a great place.
 
questions. It's uh it's a great place.
So
So
 
So
yeah, Nick needs more content. I gota
yeah, Nick needs more content. I gota
 
yeah, Nick needs more content. I gota
Nick, maybe I should just publish you,
Nick, maybe I should just publish you,
 
Nick, maybe I should just publish you,
bro.
bro.
 
bro.
I think I just need to publish Nick. Get
I think I just need to publish Nick. Get
 
I think I just need to publish Nick. Get
him out there.
him out there.
 
him out there.
I remember I asked Ryan Clock. I told
I remember I asked Ryan Clock. I told
 
I remember I asked Ryan Clock. I told
Ryan Clark, I interviewed him first
Ryan Clark, I interviewed him first
 
Ryan Clark, I interviewed him first
time. I was like, "Bro, you need to
time. I was like, "Bro, you need to
 
time. I was like, "Bro, you need to
start posting." And uh he started and
start posting." And uh he started and
 
start posting." And uh he started and
start grinding.
start grinding.
 
start grinding.
And now look at him.
And now look at him.
 
And now look at him.
We need more Nick content for sure.
 
 
 
I'm happy I've worn a different hoodie
I'm happy I've worn a different hoodie
 
I'm happy I've worn a different hoodie
every single time I've done these lives.
every single time I've done these lives.
 
every single time I've done these lives.
Wait, Jordan, go to Facebook. I'm gonna
Wait, Jordan, go to Facebook. I'm gonna
 
Wait, Jordan, go to Facebook. I'm gonna
invite you on. Let's Let's jam. Let's
invite you on. Let's Let's jam. Let's
 
invite you on. Let's Let's jam. Let's
chat. I want to Let's do a guest
chat. I want to Let's do a guest
 
chat. I want to Let's do a guest
appearance. Come on right now. Let's get
appearance. Come on right now. Let's get
 
appearance. Come on right now. Let's get
on our call early. All right. I'm going
on our call early. All right. I'm going
 
on our call early. All right. I'm going
to send you a link.
 
 
 
Let me see if I find the link. I think I
Let me see if I find the link. I think I
 
Let me see if I find the link. I think I
can add you in during it.
can add you in during it.
 
can add you in during it.
One second. Let me try.
 
 
 
You imagine if we get him on. It'd be
You imagine if we get him on. It'd be
 
You imagine if we get him on. It'd be
crazy.
crazy.
 
crazy.
Yeah. All right. I'm gonna send you on
Yeah. All right. I'm gonna send you on
 
Yeah. All right. I'm gonna send you on
Facebook, bro.
 
 
 
Get on here, you homeless man.
 
 
 
Get on here, boy.
Get on here, boy.
 
Get on here, boy.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
 
 
 
Get on here, Craig.
 
 
 
Get on here, boy.
Get on here, boy.
 
Get on here, boy.
Guys, I'm bringing on a goat right now.
Guys, I'm bringing on a goat right now.
 
Guys, I'm bringing on a goat right now.
The craziest guest appearance right now.
The craziest guest appearance right now.
 
The craziest guest appearance right now.
Just you wait.
Just you wait.
 
Just you wait.
Just you wait.
 
 
 
Honestly, extremely impressed at how
Honestly, extremely impressed at how
 
Honestly, extremely impressed at how
much you're able to work, manage your
much you're able to work, manage your
 
much you're able to work, manage your
team, manage offers. Yeah, dude. Super
team, manage offers. Yeah, dude. Super
 
team, manage offers. Yeah, dude. Super
easy. Oh my. Look who we have here.
easy. Oh my. Look who we have here.
 
easy. Oh my. Look who we have here.
Homeless man himself.
Homeless man himself.
 
Homeless man himself.
Yeah.
Yeah.
 
Yeah.
In my home.
In my home.
 
In my home.
&gt;&gt; No, bro. That's not We know you're
&gt;&gt; No, bro. That's not We know you're
 
&gt;&gt; No, bro. That's not We know you're
squatting right now.
squatting right now.
 
squatting right now.
&gt;&gt; True. True. I'm getting more homeless. I
&gt;&gt; True. True. I'm getting more homeless. I
 
&gt;&gt; True. True. I'm getting more homeless. I
grew out my hair. So,
grew out my hair. So,
 
grew out my hair. So,
&gt;&gt; shoot.
&gt;&gt; shoot.
 
&gt;&gt; shoot.
&gt;&gt; Every time I show up, it's like a bit
&gt;&gt; Every time I show up, it's like a bit
 
&gt;&gt; Every time I show up, it's like a bit
more homeless than the last time.
more homeless than the last time.
 
more homeless than the last time.
&gt;&gt; The better the offers do, the more
&gt;&gt; The better the offers do, the more
 
&gt;&gt; The better the offers do, the more
homeless you look.
homeless you look.
 
homeless you look.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. When are we going to tell them
&gt;&gt; Yeah. When are we going to tell them
 
&gt;&gt; Yeah. When are we going to tell them
that it's a fake life?
that it's a fake life?
 
that it's a fake life?
&gt;&gt; What' you say?
&gt;&gt; What' you say?
 
&gt;&gt; What' you say?
&gt;&gt; When are we going to tell them that it's
&gt;&gt; When are we going to tell them that it's
 
&gt;&gt; When are we going to tell them that it's
a fake life? [laughter]
a fake life? [laughter]
 
a fake life? [laughter]
&gt;&gt; When This is AI. This is claw clawbot or
&gt;&gt; When This is AI. This is claw clawbot or
 
&gt;&gt; When This is AI. This is claw clawbot or
whatever it's called.
whatever it's called.
 
whatever it's called.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. [laughter]
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. [laughter]
 
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. [laughter]
Yeah, that's what this is. Pre-recorded
Yeah, that's what this is. Pre-recorded
 
Yeah, that's what this is. Pre-recorded
it and now we're acting like it's live.
it and now we're acting like it's live.
 
it and now we're acting like it's live.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, my AI is just freaking I'm
&gt;&gt; Yeah, my AI is just freaking I'm
 
&gt;&gt; Yeah, my AI is just freaking I'm
actually just all this is from my phone.
actually just all this is from my phone.
 
actually just all this is from my phone.
I'm just typing right now,
I'm just typing right now,
 
I'm just typing right now,
&gt;&gt; bro.
&gt;&gt; bro.
 
&gt;&gt; bro.
&gt;&gt; What's uh what's popping in the Okay,
&gt;&gt; What's uh what's popping in the Okay,
 
&gt;&gt; What's uh what's popping in the Okay,
let me get intro. People don't know.
let me get intro. People don't know.
 
let me get intro. People don't know.
Okay, Jordan, if you don't know Jordan,
Okay, Jordan, if you don't know Jordan,
 
Okay, Jordan, if you don't know Jordan,
top ClickBank affiliate, multiple months
top ClickBank affiliate, multiple months
 
top ClickBank affiliate, multiple months
in a row, actual goat, does not have any
in a row, actual goat, does not have any
 
in a row, actual goat, does not have any
course to sell you. Uh he operates and
course to sell you. Uh he operates and
 
course to sell you. Uh he operates and
runs a lot of affiliate offers, paper
runs a lot of affiliate offers, paper
 
runs a lot of affiliate offers, paper
like lead, he does a lot of lead genen,
like lead, he does a lot of lead genen,
 
like lead, he does a lot of lead genen,
too. Um just a chill dude and has a
too. Um just a chill dude and has a
 
too. Um just a chill dude and has a
bunch of awards and is awesome. I've
bunch of awards and is awesome. I've
 
bunch of awards and is awesome. I've
interviewed him a few times. I actually
interviewed him a few times. I actually
 
interviewed him a few times. I actually
have a call with him later. He's going
have a call with him later. He's going
 
have a call with him later. He's going
to audit my ad accounts and roast my
to audit my ad accounts and roast my
 
to audit my ad accounts and roast my
media team. So, appreciate him for that.
media team. So, appreciate him for that.
 
media team. So, appreciate him for that.
Um but dude, what's going on in the
Um but dude, what's going on in the
 
Um but dude, what's going on in the
freaking affiliate world? Like what's
freaking affiliate world? Like what's
 
freaking affiliate world? Like what's
2026? Like what what are your
2026? Like what what are your
 
2026? Like what what are your
predictions? How have things been
predictions? How have things been
 
predictions? How have things been
shifting? It moves quick.
shifting? It moves quick.
 
shifting? It moves quick.
Yeah, I think that in 2026
Yeah, I think that in 2026
 
Yeah, I think that in 2026
we will see less success on VSSL stuff
we will see less success on VSSL stuff
 
we will see less success on VSSL stuff
on like ClickBank stuff. I've seen that
on like ClickBank stuff. I've seen that
 
on like ClickBank stuff. I've seen that
being in a decline for a bit now because
being in a decline for a bit now because
 
being in a decline for a bit now because
of certain factors that I don't want to
of certain factors that I don't want to
 
of certain factors that I don't want to
get into right now, but it's been
get into right now, but it's been
 
get into right now, but it's been
[laughter] going on a decline. Um, so we
[laughter] going on a decline. Um, so we
 
[laughter] going on a decline. Um, so we
kind of jumped ship on that. We were not
kind of jumped ship on that. We were not
 
kind of jumped ship on that. We were not
running much ClickBank now. We're
running much ClickBank now. We're
 
running much ClickBank now. We're
running a little bit, but barely any.
running a little bit, but barely any.
 
running a little bit, but barely any.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
 
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And I just see more and more people
&gt;&gt; And I just see more and more people
 
&gt;&gt; And I just see more and more people
getting the lead genen. I see Facebook
getting the lead genen. I see Facebook
 
getting the lead genen. I see Facebook
getting more strict with compliance.
getting more strict with compliance.
 
getting more strict with compliance.
I've been seeing that for the past
I've been seeing that for the past
 
I've been seeing that for the past
month,
month,
 
month,
&gt;&gt; like more and more bans, more and more
&gt;&gt; like more and more bans, more and more
 
&gt;&gt; like more and more bans, more and more
ad rejections. So, with lead genen,
ad rejections. So, with lead genen,
 
ad rejections. So, with lead genen,
we've been trying to keep it like super
we've been trying to keep it like super
 
we've been trying to keep it like super
clean.
clean.
 
clean.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
 
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; On the ad side, no false claims or
&gt;&gt; On the ad side, no false claims or
 
&gt;&gt; On the ad side, no false claims or
anything like that. Um, so as Facebook
anything like that. Um, so as Facebook
 
anything like that. Um, so as Facebook
gets stricter, I think more people
gets stricter, I think more people
 
gets stricter, I think more people
should be moving into like a higher
should be moving into like a higher
 
should be moving into like a higher
quality lead play where they're
quality lead play where they're
 
quality lead play where they're
optimizing for quality leads where they
optimizing for quality leads where they
 
optimizing for quality leads where they
have they get a higher payout rather
have they get a higher payout rather
 
have they get a higher payout rather
than trying to go like as aggressive as
than trying to go like as aggressive as
 
than trying to go like as aggressive as
possible and going for like super cheap
possible and going for like super cheap
 
possible and going for like super cheap
leads with low payouts and weak
leads with low payouts and weak
 
leads with low payouts and weak
compliance. So that's my overall
compliance. So that's my overall
 
compliance. So that's my overall
prediction. I think the legion space is
prediction. I think the legion space is
 
prediction. I think the legion space is
going to get more white hat because
going to get more white hat because
 
going to get more white hat because
Facebook is going to clamp down and um I
Facebook is going to clamp down and um I
 
Facebook is going to clamp down and um I
think um that in general the space will
think um that in general the space will
 
think um that in general the space will
be a bit more difficult because of this
be a bit more difficult because of this
 
be a bit more difficult because of this
like added compliance. There is a bit
like added compliance. There is a bit
 
like added compliance. There is a bit
more finesse when you're trying to run
more finesse when you're trying to run
 
more finesse when you're trying to run
super clean and optimize for quality.
super clean and optimize for quality.
 
super clean and optimize for quality.
There's a lot of factors that most
There's a lot of factors that most
 
There's a lot of factors that most
people do not really think about when
people do not really think about when
 
people do not really think about when
they run normally. Mhm.
they run normally. Mhm.
 
they run normally. Mhm.
Um
Um
 
Um
what like what are the positives of that
what like what are the positives of that
 
what like what are the positives of that
for like what's what's the hope?
for like what's what's the hope?
 
for like what's what's the hope?
&gt;&gt; The positives are that when you run ads,
&gt;&gt; The positives are that when you run ads,
 
&gt;&gt; The positives are that when you run ads,
you do not feel bad about what you're
you do not feel bad about what you're
 
you do not feel bad about what you're
doing. That's the [laughter] main
doing. That's the [laughter] main
 
doing. That's the [laughter] main
&gt;&gt; you go to sleep at night
&gt;&gt; you go to sleep at night
 
&gt;&gt; you go to sleep at night
&gt;&gt; good for the world.
&gt;&gt; good for the world.
 
&gt;&gt; good for the world.
like [snorts]
like [snorts]
 
like [snorts]
&gt;&gt; that's the major positive and I think
&gt;&gt; that's the major positive and I think
 
&gt;&gt; that's the major positive and I think
it's an opportunity for the people that
it's an opportunity for the people that
 
it's an opportunity for the people that
are like down to optimize
are like down to optimize
 
are like down to optimize
for quality instead of like um [snorts]
for quality instead of like um [snorts]
 
for quality instead of like um [snorts]
price. So I think it's a big opportunity
price. So I think it's a big opportunity
 
price. So I think it's a big opportunity
also for the space in general. I think
also for the space in general. I think
 
also for the space in general. I think
the processing is going to get more
the processing is going to get more
 
the processing is going to get more
difficult.
difficult.
 
difficult.
&gt;&gt; We see this with visa this year. A lot
&gt;&gt; We see this with visa this year. A lot
 
&gt;&gt; We see this with visa this year. A lot
of people were doing the rebuild stuff.
of people were doing the rebuild stuff.
 
of people were doing the rebuild stuff.
I think that's slowly going to die out
I think that's slowly going to die out
 
I think that's slowly going to die out
and I think that's a real positive
and I think that's a real positive
 
and I think that's a real positive
because it's going to get easier to run
because it's going to get easier to run
 
because it's going to get easier to run
like um very high quality ecom brands. I
like um very high quality ecom brands. I
 
like um very high quality ecom brands. I
think that's going to be another
think that's going to be another
 
think that's going to be another
positive. Generally, I think regulation
positive. Generally, I think regulation
 
positive. Generally, I think regulation
is going to be tighter.
is going to be tighter.
 
is going to be tighter.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
 
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; As time goes on, we kind of saw a bit of
&gt;&gt; As time goes on, we kind of saw a bit of
 
&gt;&gt; As time goes on, we kind of saw a bit of
a
a
 
a
uh crazy time for the past two years,
uh crazy time for the past two years,
 
uh crazy time for the past two years,
but now it seems like it's the pendulum
but now it seems like it's the pendulum
 
but now it seems like it's the pendulum
is swinging again towards the more like
is swinging again towards the more like
 
is swinging again towards the more like
white hat side of things. So, I'm
white hat side of things. So, I'm
 
white hat side of things. So, I'm
excited to see that. Like, that's how I
excited to see that. Like, that's how I
 
excited to see that. Like, that's how I
prefer things to be personally.
prefer things to be personally.
 
prefer things to be personally.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. With like
&gt;&gt; Yeah. With like
 
&gt;&gt; Yeah. With like
when you go when you see it swing from
when you go when you see it swing from
 
when you go when you see it swing from
more of like the gray hat, like you're
more of like the gray hat, like you're
 
more of like the gray hat, like you're
find all these different ways to like
find all these different ways to like
 
find all these different ways to like
get people to click and buy that are
get people to click and buy that are
 
get people to click and buy that are
more like super unique and creative.
more like super unique and creative.
 
more like super unique and creative.
When it swings back to white hat, is it
When it swings back to white hat, is it
 
When it swings back to white hat, is it
what do you think actually just like
what do you think actually just like
 
what do you think actually just like
gets people to buy? Like I feel like
gets people to buy? Like I feel like
 
gets people to buy? Like I feel like
are you starting to realize like oh yeah
are you starting to realize like oh yeah
 
are you starting to realize like oh yeah
there's just foundational truths that
there's just foundational truths that
 
there's just foundational truths that
just like get conversions. You don't
just like get conversions. You don't
 
just like get conversions. You don't
need to do all these crazy fancy things
need to do all these crazy fancy things
 
need to do all these crazy fancy things
and you're like oh it's it's pretty
and you're like oh it's it's pretty
 
and you're like oh it's it's pretty
simple. You just deliver this this and
simple. You just deliver this this and
 
simple. You just deliver this this and
that or do some of these like crazy
that or do some of these like crazy
 
that or do some of these like crazy
sneaky psychology tricks are required to
sneaky psychology tricks are required to
 
sneaky psychology tricks are required to
win today still
win today still
 
win today still
&gt;&gt; I think um the competition will be even
&gt;&gt; I think um the competition will be even
 
&gt;&gt; I think um the competition will be even
more like ad volume than ever but also
more like ad volume than ever but also
 
more like ad volume than ever but also
quality of volume. So, this is something
quality of volume. So, this is something
 
quality of volume. So, this is something
I made a tweet about recently where it's
I made a tweet about recently where it's
 
I made a tweet about recently where it's
like we the reason why we made so much
like we the reason why we made so much
 
like we the reason why we made so much
money in the summer
money in the summer
 
money in the summer
&gt;&gt; was because we were the first ones to
&gt;&gt; was because we were the first ones to
 
&gt;&gt; was because we were the first ones to
really crack like mass launching ads on
really crack like mass launching ads on
 
really crack like mass launching ads on
Facebook with images
Facebook with images
 
Facebook with images
&gt;&gt; and we just crushed it.
&gt;&gt; and we just crushed it.
 
&gt;&gt; and we just crushed it.
&gt;&gt; But, and frankly, a lot of those images
&gt;&gt; But, and frankly, a lot of those images
 
&gt;&gt; But, and frankly, a lot of those images
that we were launching, you've seen
that we were launching, you've seen
 
that we were launching, you've seen
them, they weren't that great. We had a
them, they weren't that great. We had a
 
them, they weren't that great. We had a
lot of images, but we were just
lot of images, but we were just
 
lot of images, but we were just
launching so many. Some of them were
launching so many. Some of them were
 
launching so many. Some of them were
great and they were converting. Now,
great and they were converting. Now,
 
great and they were converting. Now,
that's becoming less of a mode. So, I
that's becoming less of a mode. So, I
 
that's becoming less of a mode. So, I
think that the new thing is like how can
think that the new thing is like how can
 
think that the new thing is like how can
you make mass-produced very good ads.
you make mass-produced very good ads.
 
you make mass-produced very good ads.
So, our more recent ads that we've been
So, our more recent ads that we've been
 
So, our more recent ads that we've been
running, they're a lot higher quality on
running, they're a lot higher quality on
 
running, they're a lot higher quality on
average.
average.
 
average.
&gt;&gt; So, it's like how can you make the ads
&gt;&gt; So, it's like how can you make the ads
 
&gt;&gt; So, it's like how can you make the ads
better um while producing many of them.
better um while producing many of them.
 
better um while producing many of them.
So, that means like how can you do video
So, that means like how can you do video
 
So, that means like how can you do video
ads at scale, not just images, because
ads at scale, not just images, because
 
ads at scale, not just images, because
we were just doing images and now we
we were just doing images and now we
 
we were just doing images and now we
we're doing a bunch of videos.
we're doing a bunch of videos.
 
we're doing a bunch of videos.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
 
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; How can you have agentic systems? That's
&gt;&gt; How can you have agentic systems? That's
 
&gt;&gt; How can you have agentic systems? That's
something that Mark builds brains put me
something that Mark builds brains put me
 
something that Mark builds brains put me
on actually like the agentics. It's like
on actually like the agentics. It's like
 
on actually like the agentics. It's like
how can you have the AI have a bit more
how can you have the AI have a bit more
 
how can you have the AI have a bit more
free will in your process to kind of
free will in your process to kind of
 
free will in your process to kind of
take some of that stuff and optimize it
take some of that stuff and optimize it
 
take some of that stuff and optimize it
pervatar versus just like a
pervatar versus just like a
 
pervatar versus just like a
deterministic process that comes up with
deterministic process that comes up with
 
deterministic process that comes up with
similar outcomes every time. So yeah, I
similar outcomes every time. So yeah, I
 
similar outcomes every time. So yeah, I
think this is where you win right now is
think this is where you win right now is
 
think this is where you win right now is
just like how can you
just like how can you
 
just like how can you
produce better ads at scale versus just
produce better ads at scale versus just
 
produce better ads at scale versus just
producing a lot of ads.
 
 
 
I like that. That's good. It's actually
I like that. That's good. It's actually
 
I like that. That's good. It's actually
doing good work, making good offers,
doing good work, making good offers,
 
doing good work, making good offers,
good ads.
good ads.
 
good ads.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
 
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I'm better at that.
&gt;&gt; I'm better at that.
 
&gt;&gt; I'm better at that.
&gt;&gt; I mean,
&gt;&gt; I mean,
 
&gt;&gt; I mean,
&gt;&gt; and sneaky stuff.
&gt;&gt; and sneaky stuff.
 
&gt;&gt; and sneaky stuff.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
 
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Not as creative.
&gt;&gt; Not as creative.
 
&gt;&gt; Not as creative.
&gt;&gt; It's kind of like how it always is, you
&gt;&gt; It's kind of like how it always is, you
 
&gt;&gt; It's kind of like how it always is, you
know, like new technology comes out and
know, like new technology comes out and
 
know, like new technology comes out and
it's the wild west. Like when the
it's the wild west. Like when the
 
it's the wild west. Like when the
internet came out, you remember those
internet came out, you remember those
 
internet came out, you remember those
old offers that Allan used to do?
old offers that Allan used to do?
 
old offers that Allan used to do?
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
 
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; They were like same commission money
&gt;&gt; They were like same commission money
 
&gt;&gt; They were like same commission money
sucker.
sucker.
 
sucker.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. fastinccomeformmula.com.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. fastinccomeformmula.com.
 
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. fastinccomeformmula.com.
[laughter]
[laughter]
 
[laughter]
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And then as it gets more
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And then as it gets more
 
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And then as it gets more
regulated, you see like more it's you
regulated, you see like more it's you
 
regulated, you see like more it's you
see it get more regulated, more legit
see it get more regulated, more legit
 
see it get more regulated, more legit
like people are uh just more uh focused
like people are uh just more uh focused
 
like people are uh just more uh focused
on building real businesses and real
on building real businesses and real
 
on building real businesses and real
assets and that becomes the new mode. So
assets and that becomes the new mode. So
 
assets and that becomes the new mode. So
I think that happened with AI like it
I think that happened with AI like it
 
I think that happened with AI like it
came out deep fakes were a big thing
came out deep fakes were a big thing
 
came out deep fakes were a big thing
that's what everyone was doing
that's what everyone was doing
 
that's what everyone was doing
&gt;&gt; and I think that's also going to get
&gt;&gt; and I think that's also going to get
 
&gt;&gt; and I think that's also going to get
more regulated and people are going to
more regulated and people are going to
 
more regulated and people are going to
find like a more creative use case like
find like a more creative use case like
 
find like a more creative use case like
for example licensing celebrities is
for example licensing celebrities is
 
for example licensing celebrities is
something that Labs is doing now
something that Labs is doing now
 
something that Labs is doing now
&gt;&gt; which I'm looking at doing like doing
&gt;&gt; which I'm looking at doing like doing
 
&gt;&gt; which I'm looking at doing like doing
like a supplement brand with a real
like a supplement brand with a real
 
like a supplement brand with a real
celebrity like licensing their so I can
celebrity like licensing their so I can
 
celebrity like licensing their so I can
legally use it in ads and VSSL
legally use it in ads and VSSL
 
legally use it in ads and VSSL
&gt;&gt; crazy.
&gt;&gt; crazy.
 
&gt;&gt; crazy.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I think dude one thing that I so I
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I think dude one thing that I so I
 
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I think dude one thing that I so I
look at all the black hat I look at all
look at all the black hat I look at all
 
look at all the black hat I look at all
the white hat and I'm like what force
the white hat and I'm like what force
 
the white hat and I'm like what force
can never be reckoned with and compete
can never be reckoned with and compete
 
can never be reckoned with and compete
against like what's that just always
against like what's that just always
 
against like what's that just always
wins and to me it comes down to status
wins and to me it comes down to status
 
wins and to me it comes down to status
like who is better known in status
like who is better known in status
 
like who is better known in status
because like why does black hat work
because like why does black hat work
 
because like why does black hat work
it's not the fact it's a deep fake it's
it's not the fact it's a deep fake it's
 
it's not the fact it's a deep fake it's
because of who they're deep faking and
because of who they're deep faking and
 
because of who they're deep faking and
it's like how are you like so it's like
it's like how are you like so it's like
 
it's like how are you like so it's like
as much as celebrity like maybe there's
as much as celebrity like maybe there's
 
as much as celebrity like maybe there's
not as like Hollywood celebrities aren't
not as like Hollywood celebrities aren't
 
not as like Hollywood celebrities aren't
even that big it doesn't matter like
even that big it doesn't matter like
 
even that big it doesn't matter like
there's still like this pull of status.
there's still like this pull of status.
 
there's still like this pull of status.
You just can't even if it's a scam, it
You just can't even if it's a scam, it
 
You just can't even if it's a scam, it
works. So, it's like imagine if you have
works. So, it's like imagine if you have
 
works. So, it's like imagine if you have
status plus it's white hat like and use
status plus it's white hat like and use
 
status plus it's white hat like and use
direct response.
direct response.
 
direct response.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I I think that's going to be crazy
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I I think that's going to be crazy
 
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I I think that's going to be crazy
when people because in the past there
when people because in the past there
 
when people because in the past there
were a lot of celebbacked brands like
were a lot of celebbacked brands like
 
were a lot of celebbacked brands like
legit celebback brands
legit celebback brands
 
legit celebback brands
&gt;&gt; and I know the people that own these
&gt;&gt; and I know the people that own these
 
&gt;&gt; and I know the people that own these
brands and it's like a freaking hassle.
brands and it's like a freaking hassle.
 
brands and it's like a freaking hassle.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. uh where you gotta
&gt;&gt; Yeah. uh where you gotta
 
&gt;&gt; Yeah. uh where you gotta
deal with the celebrity filming and you
deal with the celebrity filming and you
 
deal with the celebrity filming and you
gotta send the the VSSL and you do
gotta send the the VSSL and you do
 
gotta send the the VSSL and you do
publishing so you know this like
publishing so you know this like
 
publishing so you know this like
&gt;&gt; y
&gt;&gt; y
 
&gt;&gt; y
&gt;&gt; by the time they write it out and it's
&gt;&gt; by the time they write it out and it's
 
&gt;&gt; by the time they write it out and it's
all this mess that you got to deal with
all this mess that you got to deal with
 
all this mess that you got to deal with
because it's another person now you can
because it's another person now you can
 
because it's another person now you can
just make whatever you want.
just make whatever you want.
 
just make whatever you want.
&gt;&gt; Yes. Our person's voice is cloned, his
&gt;&gt; Yes. Our person's voice is cloned, his
 
&gt;&gt; Yes. Our person's voice is cloned, his
face is cloned. Yeah. Like
face is cloned. Yeah. Like
 
face is cloned. Yeah. Like
&gt;&gt; I don't have to. He does one filming day
&gt;&gt; I don't have to. He does one filming day
 
&gt;&gt; I don't have to. He does one filming day
for like we want to do filming stuff,
for like we want to do filming stuff,
 
for like we want to do filming stuff,
but it's like we just cloned him.
but it's like we just cloned him.
 
but it's like we just cloned him.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, that's what we do as well
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, that's what we do as well
 
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, that's what we do as well
in the bisop offer. We have like the
in the bisop offer. We have like the
 
in the bisop offer. We have like the
real estate one.
real estate one.
 
real estate one.
&gt;&gt; Oh, yeah.
&gt;&gt; Oh, yeah.
 
&gt;&gt; Oh, yeah.
&gt;&gt; It's the same thing.
&gt;&gt; It's the same thing.
 
&gt;&gt; It's the same thing.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Just clone the voice, clone the
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Just clone the voice, clone the
 
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Just clone the voice, clone the
face. We also are running like offers
face. We also are running like offers
 
face. We also are running like offers
that are not with him. We just have like
that are not with him. We just have like
 
that are not with him. We just have like
a faceless front end that targets
a faceless front end that targets
 
a faceless front end that targets
different avatars, you know, and
different avatars, you know, and
 
different avatars, you know, and
&gt;&gt; that helps a lot because you can,
&gt;&gt; that helps a lot because you can,
 
&gt;&gt; that helps a lot because you can,
&gt;&gt; for example, if the guru is a black
&gt;&gt; for example, if the guru is a black
 
&gt;&gt; for example, if the guru is a black
dude, a black black people will
dude, a black black people will
 
dude, a black black people will
naturally get attracted to that. But now
naturally get attracted to that. But now
 
naturally get attracted to that. But now
you can put like a white dude on it
you can put like a white dude on it
 
you can put like a white dude on it
that's like an AI non-existent person.
that's like an AI non-existent person.
 
that's like an AI non-existent person.
&gt;&gt; Y
&gt;&gt; Y
 
&gt;&gt; Y
&gt;&gt; and you get the white market. So it just
&gt;&gt; and you get the white market. So it just
 
&gt;&gt; and you get the white market. So it just
lets you put more avatars on your front
lets you put more avatars on your front
 
lets you put more avatars on your front
end very easily and produce stuff very
end very easily and produce stuff very
 
end very easily and produce stuff very
easily. Also, I see a comment about is
easily. Also, I see a comment about is
 
easily. Also, I see a comment about is
uh a godid low ticket in the front end
uh a godid low ticket in the front end
 
uh a godid low ticket in the front end
than affiliate products by email or
than affiliate products by email or
 
than affiliate products by email or
followup a nice idea. Yeah, I would I
followup a nice idea. Yeah, I would I
 
followup a nice idea. Yeah, I would I
would test it like I know we have a
would test it like I know we have a
 
would test it like I know we have a
mutual friend Josh uh Daniel that did
mutual friend Josh uh Daniel that did
 
mutual friend Josh uh Daniel that did
this in the female dating market where
this in the female dating market where
 
this in the female dating market where
he had like a front end and his back end
he had like a front end and his back end
 
he had like a front end and his back end
was
was
 
was
&gt;&gt; y
&gt;&gt; y
 
&gt;&gt; y
&gt;&gt; ClickBank stuff uh by email. So, it does
&gt;&gt; ClickBank stuff uh by email. So, it does
 
&gt;&gt; ClickBank stuff uh by email. So, it does
work. It for sure works. Now, are the
work. It for sure works. Now, are the
 
work. It for sure works. Now, are the
economics good enough compared to a
economics good enough compared to a
 
economics good enough compared to a
low ticket to high ticket? I don't
low ticket to high ticket? I don't
 
low ticket to high ticket? I don't
really think so. So, depends on what the
really think so. So, depends on what the
 
really think so. So, depends on what the
niche is, I guess.
niche is, I guess.
 
niche is, I guess.
&gt;&gt; What when with your one bisop offer with
&gt;&gt; What when with your one bisop offer with
 
&gt;&gt; What when with your one bisop offer with
the guy, the real estate want to know
the guy, the real estate want to know
 
the guy, the real estate want to know
which one you're talking about. How has
which one you're talking about. How has
 
which one you're talking about. How has
it been when you do the faceless or just
it been when you do the faceless or just
 
it been when you do the faceless or just
a like a fake personality on the front
a like a fake personality on the front
 
a like a fake personality on the front
end, different color, different person
end, different color, different person
 
end, different color, different person
to the high ticket? Like do you find you
to the high ticket? Like do you find you
 
to the high ticket? Like do you find you
guys how are you still pulling in people
guys how are you still pulling in people
 
guys how are you still pulling in people
who aren't just there for like the
who aren't just there for like the
 
who aren't just there for like the
claims are actually like you know not
claims are actually like you know not
 
claims are actually like you know not
like the bottom of the barrel down and
like the bottom of the barrel down and
 
like the bottom of the barrel down and
out people like does that affect the
out people like does that affect the
 
out people like does that affect the
ascension or are you doing the model
ascension or are you doing the model
 
ascension or are you doing the model
where you just are trying to get money
where you just are trying to get money
 
where you just are trying to get money
to fund the like a loss leader to fund
to fund the like a loss leader to fund
 
to fund the like a loss leader to fund
the loss leader is that the method?
the loss leader is that the method?
 
the loss leader is that the method?
&gt;&gt; We do both. So we have one funnel that's
&gt;&gt; We do both. So we have one funnel that's
 
&gt;&gt; We do both. So we have one funnel that's
a loss leader and the other funnel which
a loss leader and the other funnel which
 
a loss leader and the other funnel which
is like very profitable on the front
is like very profitable on the front
 
is like very profitable on the front
end.
end.
 
end.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh now this was a big issue we ran
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh now this was a big issue we ran
 
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh now this was a big issue we ran
into where we had to shut ads for a
into where we had to shut ads for a
 
into where we had to shut ads for a
couple weeks uh recently where we over
couple weeks uh recently where we over
 
couple weeks uh recently where we over
booked the calendar with because we
booked the calendar with because we
 
booked the calendar with because we
weren't doing proper filtration on the
weren't doing proper filtration on the
 
weren't doing proper filtration on the
more aggressive low ticket. So we had
more aggressive low ticket. So we had
 
more aggressive low ticket. So we had
all these people like these random
all these people like these random
 
all these people like these random
people that are not qualified like book
people that are not qualified like book
 
people that are not qualified like book
in and filled up the calendar. That
in and filled up the calendar. That
 
in and filled up the calendar. That
dropped the overall close rate of the
dropped the overall close rate of the
 
dropped the overall close rate of the
other funnel as well because there were
other funnel as well because there were
 
other funnel as well because there were
no slots open on the calendar.
no slots open on the calendar.
 
no slots open on the calendar.
&gt;&gt; Oh yeah. And that was a huge nightmare.
&gt;&gt; Oh yeah. And that was a huge nightmare.
 
&gt;&gt; Oh yeah. And that was a huge nightmare.
So we had like a two weeks of a packed
So we had like a two weeks of a packed
 
So we had like a two weeks of a packed
calendar and we're like how do you
calendar and we're like how do you
 
calendar and we're like how do you
filter it? So one thing I did was I
filter it? So one thing I did was I
 
filter it? So one thing I did was I
looked at only Otto purchasers are
looked at only Otto purchasers are
 
looked at only Otto purchasers are
ascending to high ticket. That's like
ascending to high ticket. That's like
 
ascending to high ticket. That's like
one of the strongest indications of a uh
one of the strongest indications of a uh
 
one of the strongest indications of a uh
of a a high ticket buyer is they buy the
of a a high ticket buyer is they buy the
 
of a a high ticket buyer is they buy the
Otto.
Otto.
 
Otto.
&gt;&gt; So we started not sending anyone that's
&gt;&gt; So we started not sending anyone that's
 
&gt;&gt; So we started not sending anyone that's
not buying the Otto
not buying the Otto
 
not buying the Otto
book call. That makes a huge difference
book call. That makes a huge difference
 
book call. That makes a huge difference
by the way
by the way
 
by the way
&gt;&gt; because you basically eliminate 80%
&gt;&gt; because you basically eliminate 80%
 
&gt;&gt; because you basically eliminate 80%
&gt;&gt; of the random people that enter the
&gt;&gt; of the random people that enter the
 
&gt;&gt; of the random people that enter the
funnel. You
funnel. You
 
funnel. You
&gt;&gt; you increase it by five times the close
&gt;&gt; you increase it by five times the close
 
&gt;&gt; you increase it by five times the close
rate. So our DPL was like a hundred
rate. So our DPL was like a hundred
 
rate. So our DPL was like a hundred
bucks when we packed up the calendar.
bucks when we packed up the calendar.
 
bucks when we packed up the calendar.
It's horrible. [laughter]
It's horrible. [laughter]
 
It's horrible. [laughter]
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
 
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; that's
&gt;&gt; that's
 
&gt;&gt; that's
&gt;&gt; so now it's like 800 or something
&gt;&gt; so now it's like 800 or something
 
&gt;&gt; so now it's like 800 or something
because we just eliminated so many
because we just eliminated so many
 
because we just eliminated so many
people. Also the type form. So, that's
people. Also the type form. So, that's
 
people. Also the type form. So, that's
the the major thing for anyone trying to
the the major thing for anyone trying to
 
the the major thing for anyone trying to
do this is make sure if you're going to
do this is make sure if you're going to
 
do this is make sure if you're going to
run a higher volume funnel play,
run a higher volume funnel play,
 
run a higher volume funnel play,
make sure that you have a proper
make sure that you have a proper
 
make sure that you have a proper
qualification process past the first
qualification process past the first
 
qualification process past the first
purchase.
purchase.
 
purchase.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
 
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; that was the biggest lesson because
&gt;&gt; that was the biggest lesson because
 
&gt;&gt; that was the biggest lesson because
you're going to blow it up like I did.
you're going to blow it up like I did.
 
you're going to blow it up like I did.
Like, we scaled to 10K a day in two
Like, we scaled to 10K a day in two
 
Like, we scaled to 10K a day in two
weeks on that offer.
weeks on that offer.
 
weeks on that offer.
&gt;&gt; How many units were on the front end?
&gt;&gt; How many units were on the front end?
 
&gt;&gt; How many units were on the front end?
Like a day?
Like a day?
 
Like a day?
&gt;&gt; Uh like
&gt;&gt; Uh like
 
&gt;&gt; Uh like
150 a day or so. Dang. So your what's
150 a day or so. Dang. So your what's
 
150 a day or so. Dang. So your what's
your CPA on that offer like on average
your CPA on that offer like on average
 
your CPA on that offer like on average
in the bizop?
in the bizop?
 
in the bizop?
&gt;&gt; 70 bucks.
&gt;&gt; 70 bucks.
 
&gt;&gt; 70 bucks.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah.
 
&gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
 
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; A
&gt;&gt; A
 
&gt;&gt; A
two 120 I think.
two 120 I think.
 
two 120 I think.
&gt;&gt; So okay. So it was very it was very pro
&gt;&gt; So okay. So it was very it was very pro
 
&gt;&gt; So okay. So it was very it was very pro
and like do you think with that one
and like do you think with that one
 
and like do you think with that one
since
since
 
since
&gt;&gt; more aggressive in terms of like the
&gt;&gt; more aggressive in terms of like the
 
&gt;&gt; more aggressive in terms of like the
outcomes you were selling that's like
outcomes you were selling that's like
 
outcomes you were selling that's like
what carries that a ton?
what carries that a ton?
 
what carries that a ton?
&gt;&gt; Yeah it is. We had to tone it down a
&gt;&gt; Yeah it is. We had to tone it down a
 
&gt;&gt; Yeah it is. We had to tone it down a
lot.
lot.
 
lot.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. for the sake of keeping our
&gt;&gt; Yeah. for the sake of keeping our
 
&gt;&gt; Yeah. for the sake of keeping our
processing alive. [snorts] So, we just
processing alive. [snorts] So, we just
 
processing alive. [snorts] So, we just
uh put disclaimers, you know, before the
uh put disclaimers, you know, before the
 
uh put disclaimers, you know, before the
close because there is some people that
close because there is some people that
 
close because there is some people that
were will enter with high expectations.
were will enter with high expectations.
 
were will enter with high expectations.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
 
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And then they'll refund. So, it's you're
&gt;&gt; And then they'll refund. So, it's you're
 
&gt;&gt; And then they'll refund. So, it's you're
not really increasing the net conversion
not really increasing the net conversion
 
not really increasing the net conversion
rate because those people
rate because those people
 
rate because those people
&gt;&gt; so we put like a disqualifier before
&gt;&gt; so we put like a disqualifier before
 
&gt;&gt; so we put like a disqualifier before
like during the close when we drop the
like during the close when we drop the
 
like during the close when we drop the
price. It's like
price. It's like
 
price. It's like
&gt;&gt; by the way, you will have to do XYZ. You
&gt;&gt; by the way, you will have to do XYZ. You
 
&gt;&gt; by the way, you will have to do XYZ. You
will you will have to invest in XYZ.
will you will have to invest in XYZ.
 
will you will have to invest in XYZ.
Then you compare it to like every other
Then you compare it to like every other
 
Then you compare it to like every other
business and it sounds like it's not
business and it sounds like it's not
 
business and it sounds like it's not
that big of a deal but the expectation
that big of a deal but the expectation
 
that big of a deal but the expectation
is there. So that allows you to meet the
is there. So that allows you to meet the
 
is there. So that allows you to meet the
expectation
expectation
 
expectation
&gt;&gt; while
&gt;&gt; while
 
&gt;&gt; while
also um you know being aggressive. So in
also um you know being aggressive. So in
 
also um you know being aggressive. So in
the beginning we we lead very
the beginning we we lead very
 
the beginning we we lead very
aggressively but towards the end we
aggressively but towards the end we
 
aggressively but towards the end we
disqualify a lot
disqualify a lot
 
disqualify a lot
&gt;&gt; during so that builds trust aligns
&gt;&gt; during so that builds trust aligns
 
&gt;&gt; during so that builds trust aligns
expectations but you also make a
expectations but you also make a
 
expectations but you also make a
comparison to their alternatives and
comparison to their alternatives and
 
comparison to their alternatives and
they're like okay well
they're like okay well
 
they're like okay well
&gt;&gt; better than that
&gt;&gt; better than that
 
&gt;&gt; better than that
&gt;&gt; that's how do you think of that
&gt;&gt; that's how do you think of that
 
&gt;&gt; that's how do you think of that
&gt;&gt; well I was looking I was speaking to the
&gt;&gt; well I was looking I was speaking to the
 
&gt;&gt; well I was looking I was speaking to the
guru and he was like not happy with the
guru and he was like not happy with the
 
guru and he was like not happy with the
quality of person that was coming in was
quality of person that was coming in was
 
quality of person that was coming in was
like 20% refunds like that's insane you
like 20% refunds like that's insane you
 
like 20% refunds like that's insane you
know So, I was like, "Yeah, you're
know So, I was like, "Yeah, you're
 
know So, I was like, "Yeah, you're
right. We're better off removing 20% of
right. We're better off removing 20% of
 
right. We're better off removing 20% of
the people that buy on the front end."
the people that buy on the front end."
 
the people that buy on the front end."
Like dropping conversion rate by 20%.
Like dropping conversion rate by 20%.
 
Like dropping conversion rate by 20%.
&gt;&gt; But keeping uh the rest of them,
&gt;&gt; But keeping uh the rest of them,
 
&gt;&gt; But keeping uh the rest of them,
&gt;&gt; yeah,
&gt;&gt; yeah,
 
&gt;&gt; yeah,
&gt;&gt; so how do we do this? And I'm like,
&gt;&gt; so how do we do this? And I'm like,
 
&gt;&gt; so how do we do this? And I'm like,
well, we got to tell them, why are they
well, we got to tell them, why are they
 
well, we got to tell them, why are they
refunding? Like, ask them questions. And
refunding? Like, ask them questions. And
 
refunding? Like, ask them questions. And
it's like, you got a double pay, double
it's like, you got a double pay, double
 
it's like, you got a double pay, double
spend problem. They got to pay again. Um
spend problem. They got to pay again. Um
 
spend problem. They got to pay again. Um
the second issue they were running into
the second issue they were running into
 
the second issue they were running into
was um they were expecting that the
was um they were expecting that the
 
was um they were expecting that the
software, this was a mistake on my part.
software, this was a mistake on my part.
 
software, this was a mistake on my part.
We're selling like a little software
We're selling like a little software
 
We're selling like a little software
that they get lifetime access even
that they get lifetime access even
 
that they get lifetime access even
though they only get a month in the
though they only get a month in the
 
though they only get a month in the
package. I forgot to mention that in the
package. I forgot to mention that in the
 
package. I forgot to mention that in the
copy that was my mistake.
copy that was my mistake.
 
copy that was my mistake.
&gt;&gt; So just added those little details.
&gt;&gt; So just added those little details.
 
&gt;&gt; So just added those little details.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
 
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; But you just added you like leave it
&gt;&gt; But you just added you like leave it
 
&gt;&gt; But you just added you like leave it
till later. So, it's like they're
till later. So, it's like they're
 
till later. So, it's like they're
emotionally super invested and then it's
emotionally super invested and then it's
 
emotionally super invested and then it's
like it's like tell them what they want
like it's like tell them what they want
 
like it's like tell them what they want
to hear than what they need to hear
to hear than what they need to hear
 
to hear than what they need to hear
later on.
later on.
 
later on.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And you can also frame it in a way
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And you can also frame it in a way
 
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And you can also frame it in a way
where they don't want to be the ones not
where they don't want to be the ones not
 
where they don't want to be the ones not
buying because they have to do work. So,
buying because they have to do work. So,
 
buying because they have to do work. So,
you can go like so if you're a lazy bum
you can go like so if you're a lazy bum
 
you can go like so if you're a lazy bum
that doesn't want to do any work and
that doesn't want to do any work and
 
that doesn't want to do any work and
[laughter] you never amount to anything
[laughter] you never amount to anything
 
[laughter] you never amount to anything
in your life, then this is not for you
in your life, then this is not for you
 
in your life, then this is not for you
because you'll have to do XYZ. They're
because you'll have to do XYZ. They're
 
because you'll have to do XYZ. They're
like, I don't want to be a lazy bum that
like, I don't want to be a lazy bum that
 
like, I don't want to be a lazy bum that
will never amount to anything. I got to
will never amount to anything. I got to
 
will never amount to anything. I got to
buy this.
buy this.
 
buy this.
This is not a valid reason not to buy
This is not a valid reason not to buy
 
This is not a valid reason not to buy
this.
this.
 
this.
&gt;&gt; And the front end offer because you're
&gt;&gt; And the front end offer because you're
 
&gt;&gt; And the front end offer because you're
doing you're doing VSSL. It's like a 37
doing you're doing VSSL. It's like a 37
 
doing you're doing VSSL. It's like a 37
or $39 product.
or $39 product.
 
or $39 product.
&gt;&gt; It's 67.
&gt;&gt; It's 67.
 
&gt;&gt; It's 67.
&gt;&gt; 67. 67.
&gt;&gt; 67. 67.
 
&gt;&gt; 67. 67.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. One
&gt;&gt; Yeah. One
 
&gt;&gt; Yeah. One
&gt;&gt; that with one
&gt;&gt; that with one
 
&gt;&gt; that with one
&gt;&gt; Otto.
&gt;&gt; Otto.
 
&gt;&gt; Otto.
What's the conversion rate on a funnel
What's the conversion rate on a funnel
 
What's the conversion rate on a funnel
like that?
like that?
 
like that?
&gt;&gt; Uh 4%.
&gt;&gt; Uh 4%.
 
&gt;&gt; Uh 4%.
&gt;&gt; 4%. Okay. So, it's pretty similar to
&gt;&gt; 4%. Okay. So, it's pretty similar to
 
&gt;&gt; 4%. Okay. So, it's pretty similar to
like if you're doing like a direct to
like if you're doing like a direct to
 
like if you're doing like a direct to
what would like you because I like to do
what would like you because I like to do
 
what would like you because I like to do
more like ecom style page, you know,
more like ecom style page, you know,
 
more like ecom style page, you know,
like AC style page. That's that's just
like AC style page. That's that's just
 
like AC style page. That's that's just
what I'm used to. I've just never messed
what I'm used to. I've just never messed
 
what I'm used to. I've just never messed
with like a VSSL. When would you choose
with like a VSSL. When would you choose
 
with like a VSSL. When would you choose
one over the other? Do you think it
one over the other? Do you think it
 
one over the other? Do you think it
depends on the market? Because like our
depends on the market? Because like our
 
depends on the market? Because like our
converts similar and it's obviously net
converts similar and it's obviously net
 
converts similar and it's obviously net
CP is fine. So, I don't have too much
CP is fine. So, I don't have too much
 
CP is fine. So, I don't have too much
reason to like not use one, but I'm
reason to like not use one, but I'm
 
reason to like not use one, but I'm
thinking for like future brands. I'm so
thinking for like future brands. I'm so
 
thinking for like future brands. I'm so
tempted to try it.
tempted to try it.
 
tempted to try it.
What?
What?
 
What?
&gt;&gt; What's your AOV though? Your price point
&gt;&gt; What's your AOV though? Your price point
 
&gt;&gt; What's your AOV though? Your price point
17 bucks on the front end. So you're
17 bucks on the front end. So you're
 
17 bucks on the front end. So you're
&gt;&gt; it's like we have like a 40 40 or net
&gt;&gt; it's like we have like a 40 40 or net
 
&gt;&gt; it's like we have like a 40 40 or net
CPA is uh then at $7.75.
CPA is uh then at $7.75.
 
CPA is uh then at $7.75.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, imagine you get a 3%
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, imagine you get a 3%
 
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, imagine you get a 3%
conversion rate on a $67 conversion on a
conversion rate on a $67 conversion on a
 
conversion rate on a $67 conversion on a
$67 price point in the front with a $100
$67 price point in the front with a $100
 
$67 price point in the front with a $100
CP $100 AOV. Like you're making a lot
CP $100 AOV. Like you're making a lot
 
CP $100 AOV. Like you're making a lot
more money.
more money.
 
more money.
&gt;&gt; True.
&gt;&gt; True.
 
&gt;&gt; True.
&gt;&gt; So the AOV is higher. I would always run
&gt;&gt; So the AOV is higher. I would always run
 
&gt;&gt; So the AOV is higher. I would always run
a VSSL. I love Allen, but I'm not a big
a VSSL. I love Allen, but I'm not a big
 
a VSSL. I love Allen, but I'm not a big
fan of the AC funnel right now because
fan of the AC funnel right now because
 
fan of the AC funnel right now because
I'm just re I try to scale big. Like
I'm just re I try to scale big. Like
 
I'm just re I try to scale big. Like
that's kind of the whole thing is like I
that's kind of the whole thing is like I
 
that's kind of the whole thing is like I
want to scale big.
want to scale big.
 
want to scale big.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
 
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; And generally what scales big is unaware
&gt;&gt; And generally what scales big is unaware
 
&gt;&gt; And generally what scales big is unaware
audiences. Yeah.
audiences. Yeah.
 
audiences. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Like that are problem aware or unaware.
&gt;&gt; Like that are problem aware or unaware.
 
&gt;&gt; Like that are problem aware or unaware.
&gt;&gt; And the AC funnel goes more towards the
&gt;&gt; And the AC funnel goes more towards the
 
&gt;&gt; And the AC funnel goes more towards the
solution aware people. I know there's
solution aware people. I know there's
 
solution aware people. I know there's
the long-term sales that are all that
the long-term sales that are all that
 
the long-term sales that are all that
the page
the page
 
the page
&gt;&gt; no one even scrolls down though. Like we
&gt;&gt; no one even scrolls down though. Like we
 
&gt;&gt; no one even scrolls down though. Like we
get people, we hit them like right right
get people, we hit them like right right
 
get people, we hit them like right right
when the first CTA hits, 50% of people
when the first CTA hits, 50% of people
 
when the first CTA hits, 50% of people
drop off and then another 30 drop off
drop off and then another 30 drop off
 
drop off and then another 30 drop off
from there once they get past like that
from there once they get past like that
 
from there once they get past like that
short description. So the long we don't
short description. So the long we don't
 
short description. So the long we don't
even do long form anymore because it's
even do long form anymore because it's
 
even do long form anymore because it's
like not reading it.
like not reading it.
 
like not reading it.
&gt;&gt; I had that um AC funnel like two years
&gt;&gt; I had that um AC funnel like two years
 
&gt;&gt; I had that um AC funnel like two years
ago. I don't know if you remember that
ago. I don't know if you remember that
 
ago. I don't know if you remember that
one. Um the one that I scaled pretty
one. Um the one that I scaled pretty
 
one. Um the one that I scaled pretty
big. Um Affiliate Academy. It was a
big. Um Affiliate Academy. It was a
 
big. Um Affiliate Academy. It was a
&gt;&gt; Oh yeah, you told me about that. Yep.
&gt;&gt; Oh yeah, you told me about that. Yep.
 
&gt;&gt; Oh yeah, you told me about that. Yep.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, I had like a faceless offer
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, I had like a faceless offer
 
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, I had like a faceless offer
that was just teaching people how to run
that was just teaching people how to run
 
that was just teaching people how to run
push traffic to affiliate offers. I
push traffic to affiliate offers. I
 
push traffic to affiliate offers. I
might release that one for free actually
might release that one for free actually
 
might release that one for free actually
right now on Twitter. It was like seven
right now on Twitter. It was like seven
 
right now on Twitter. It was like seven
bucks and then it was an affiliate back
bucks and then it was an affiliate back
 
bucks and then it was an affiliate back
end. So, I was selling other people's
end. So, I was selling other people's
 
end. So, I was selling other people's
stuff. But, um I had different uh
stuff. But, um I had different uh
 
stuff. But, um I had different uh
tracking links on all the CTAs because I
tracking links on all the CTAs because I
 
tracking links on all the CTAs because I
was curious like where are most of the
was curious like where are most of the
 
was curious like where are most of the
buyers coming from? Is it the first CTA,
buyers coming from? Is it the first CTA,
 
buyers coming from? Is it the first CTA,
the second one? The first one was like
the second one? The first one was like
 
the second one? The first one was like
80% of the buyers.
80% of the buyers.
 
80% of the buyers.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. They're not even scrolling down,
&gt;&gt; Yeah. They're not even scrolling down,
 
&gt;&gt; Yeah. They're not even scrolling down,
you know.
you know.
 
you know.
&gt;&gt; No, they're like that's why I just do um
&gt;&gt; No, they're like that's why I just do um
 
&gt;&gt; No, they're like that's why I just do um
Well, have you seen Look at this one.
Well, have you seen Look at this one.
 
Well, have you seen Look at this one.
This cool.
 
 
 
So, they don't run. Okay, let me share
So, they don't run. Okay, let me share
 
So, they don't run. Okay, let me share
my screen. Some places they run to an
my screen. Some places they run to an
 
my screen. Some places they run to an
avitorial first on it. So, we do like or
avitorial first on it. So, we do like or
 
avitorial first on it. So, we do like or
they do av Sometimes they do an
they do av Sometimes they do an
 
they do av Sometimes they do an
avitorial first. You see this one?
avitorial first. You see this one?
 
avitorial first. You see this one?
&gt;&gt; So, then they but then you go to this
&gt;&gt; So, then they but then you go to this
 
&gt;&gt; So, then they but then you go to this
page. So, it's like AC, but it's only
page. So, it's like AC, but it's only
 
page. So, it's like AC, but it's only
this short on desktop.
this short on desktop.
 
this short on desktop.
But if we go to mobile view, it's a full
But if we go to mobile view, it's a full
 
But if we go to mobile view, it's a full
page here.
page here.
 
page here.
So, I thought that was pretty
So, I thought that was pretty
 
So, I thought that was pretty
interesting. And then when you go to the
interesting. And then when you go to the
 
interesting. And then when you go to the
next page, like if I were to opt in here
next page, like if I were to opt in here
 
next page, like if I were to opt in here
and I go to the next page on here, they
and I go to the next page on here, they
 
and I go to the next page on here, they
have the TSL. So, if I exit out of here,
have the TSL. So, if I exit out of here,
 
have the TSL. So, if I exit out of here,
they have the full TSL under the order
they have the full TSL under the order
 
they have the full TSL under the order
form.
form.
 
form.
&gt;&gt; Home desktop. This is really
&gt;&gt; Home desktop. This is really
 
&gt;&gt; Home desktop. This is really
interesting. They probably split tested
interesting. They probably split tested
 
interesting. They probably split tested
the hell out of this. Yes.
the hell out of this. Yes.
 
the hell out of this. Yes.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
 
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I've been doing it for a long time.
&gt;&gt; I've been doing it for a long time.
 
&gt;&gt; I've been doing it for a long time.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I've been seeing this for like
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I've been seeing this for like
 
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I've been seeing this for like
three years or something. It's
three years or something. It's
 
three years or something. It's
absolutely insane.
absolutely insane.
 
absolutely insane.
&gt;&gt; It's printing. So like I thought it was
&gt;&gt; It's printing. So like I thought it was
 
&gt;&gt; It's printing. So like I thought it was
interesting how like mobile they have
interesting how like mobile they have
 
interesting how like mobile they have
this TSL which is weird because mobile
this TSL which is weird because mobile
 
this TSL which is weird because mobile
usually people don't stay as long but
usually people don't stay as long but
 
usually people don't stay as long but
then like it then you would hear that
then like it then you would hear that
 
then like it then you would hear that
this you know a lot of people because on
this you know a lot of people because on
 
this you know a lot of people because on
the order form the scroll depth page
the order form the scroll depth page
 
the order form the scroll depth page
like for me is like 60%. they get
like for me is like 60%. they get
 
like for me is like 60%. they get
through the testimonials, everything
through the testimonials, everything
 
through the testimonials, everything
like they'll stay on like people will go
like they'll stay on like people will go
 
like they'll stay on like people will go
to they'll take their time in the order
to they'll take their time in the order
 
to they'll take their time in the order
page. So it's like the front end is tiny
page. So it's like the front end is tiny
 
page. So it's like the front end is tiny
but then the order page. So my thinking
but then the order page. So my thinking
 
but then the order page. So my thinking
is like they're like let's just get the
is like they're like let's just get the
 
is like they're like let's just get the
email get more intent then they'll take
email get more intent then they'll take
 
email get more intent then they'll take
more time in the order form is my guess.
more time in the order form is my guess.
 
more time in the order form is my guess.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's really interesting because
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's really interesting because
 
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's really interesting because
I know on VSSLs simpler order pages
I know on VSSLs simpler order pages
 
I know on VSSLs simpler order pages
perform the same as complex ones for me.
perform the same as complex ones for me.
 
perform the same as complex ones for me.
Yeah, my my simpler ones like uh when
Yeah, my my simpler ones like uh when
 
Yeah, my my simpler ones like uh when
I've done more complex it sometimes it
I've done more complex it sometimes it
 
I've done more complex it sometimes it
could worse
could worse
 
could worse
&gt;&gt; like it would be if I have more stuff on
&gt;&gt; like it would be if I have more stuff on
 
&gt;&gt; like it would be if I have more stuff on
there for them to read they like don't
there for them to read they like don't
 
there for them to read they like don't
buy as quick.
buy as quick.
 
buy as quick.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, but then again it's a VSSL so
&gt;&gt; Yeah, but then again it's a VSSL so
 
&gt;&gt; Yeah, but then again it's a VSSL so
there's more intent going to the order
there's more intent going to the order
 
there's more intent going to the order
page.
page.
 
page.
&gt;&gt; True, true, true.
&gt;&gt; True, true, true.
 
&gt;&gt; True, true, true.
&gt;&gt; Maybe if you have like a lower level of
&gt;&gt; Maybe if you have like a lower level of
 
&gt;&gt; Maybe if you have like a lower level of
attent when you're running like a What's
attent when you're running like a What's
 
attent when you're running like a What's
your conversion rate in the checkout?
your conversion rate in the checkout?
 
your conversion rate in the checkout?
typically
typically
 
typically
&gt;&gt; like for you wanted around like 40% plus
&gt;&gt; like for you wanted around like 40% plus
 
&gt;&gt; like for you wanted around like 40% plus
45% 50%.
45% 50%.
 
45% 50%.
&gt;&gt; That's crazy. I haven't seen that in my
&gt;&gt; That's crazy. I haven't seen that in my
 
&gt;&gt; That's crazy. I haven't seen that in my
life by the way. 40%,
life by the way. 40%,
 
life by the way. 40%,
&gt;&gt; bro. What do you mean?
&gt;&gt; bro. What do you mean?
 
&gt;&gt; bro. What do you mean?
&gt;&gt; On VSSL
&gt;&gt; On VSSL
 
&gt;&gt; On VSSL
&gt;&gt; 40? No, not VSSL. It's like AC AC.
&gt;&gt; 40? No, not VSSL. It's like AC AC.
 
&gt;&gt; 40? No, not VSSL. It's like AC AC.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But I mean on VSSLs
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But I mean on VSSLs
 
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But I mean on VSSLs
like 30% is elite. It's like best of the
like 30% is elite. It's like best of the
 
like 30% is elite. It's like best of the
best.
best.
 
best.
&gt;&gt; Well, why do you think Why is it so low?
&gt;&gt; Well, why do you think Why is it so low?
 
&gt;&gt; Well, why do you think Why is it so low?
&gt;&gt; Because of the price point. I think
&gt;&gt; Because of the price point. I think
 
&gt;&gt; Because of the price point. I think
people
people
 
people
&gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. True. Mine's like a $17 front
&gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. True. Mine's like a $17 front
 
&gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. True. Mine's like a $17 front
end, $27 front end.
end, $27 front end.
 
end, $27 front end.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, we go like about 40% on a funnel
&gt;&gt; Yeah, we go like about 40% on a funnel
 
&gt;&gt; Yeah, we go like about 40% on a funnel
that was 39 bucks on the front.
that was 39 bucks on the front.
 
that was 39 bucks on the front.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean that but again higher price
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean that but again higher price
 
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean that but again higher price
that like makes more sense. It's kind of
that like makes more sense. It's kind of
 
that like makes more sense. It's kind of
like almost an Otto price point. Like
like almost an Otto price point. Like
 
like almost an Otto price point. Like
the your front end is what like my
the your front end is what like my
 
the your front end is what like my
Otto's will be priced at.
Otto's will be priced at.
 
Otto's will be priced at.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Have you ever done a VSSL,
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Have you ever done a VSSL,
 
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Have you ever done a VSSL,
&gt;&gt; dude? Literally never. Not for low
&gt;&gt; dude? Literally never. Not for low
 
&gt;&gt; dude? Literally never. Not for low
ticket. I've never
ticket. I've never
 
ticket. I've never
I want for our next brand we're doing in
I want for our next brand we're doing in
 
I want for our next brand we're doing in
the hell space. I probably will because
the hell space. I probably will because
 
the hell space. I probably will because
I'm just want to like I'm just it's just
I'm just want to like I'm just it's just
 
I'm just want to like I'm just it's just
like the shiny object to me. So I'm like
like the shiny object to me. So I'm like
 
like the shiny object to me. So I'm like
really curious about it. But uh
really curious about it. But uh
 
really curious about it. But uh
&gt;&gt; yeah, it's like in my opinion it's the
&gt;&gt; yeah, it's like in my opinion it's the
 
&gt;&gt; yeah, it's like in my opinion it's the
simplest funnel that converts the best.
simplest funnel that converts the best.
 
simplest funnel that converts the best.
It's just a video like that's the
It's just a video like that's the
 
It's just a video like that's the
funnel. It was just a video.
funnel. It was just a video.
 
funnel. It was just a video.
&gt;&gt; Well, that I think for the sake of
&gt;&gt; Well, that I think for the sake of
 
&gt;&gt; Well, that I think for the sake of
launching I see why affiliate people do
launching I see why affiliate people do
 
launching I see why affiliate people do
it too cuz like bro the amount of like
it too cuz like bro the amount of like
 
it too cuz like bro the amount of like
it does take more time to like
it does take more time to like
 
it does take more time to like
